id	comment
264	Besides the occasional crash, this is an amazing product with tons of potential depending on how you work with it!
111	This could be a great app if it was predictable, but it is full of bugs and is unpredictable.  if you are able to check in, take a screen shot of your boarding pass or print a backup copy, because you may not be able to access it when you need it most.
210	I can't open since the last 2 updates Pop-ups go crazy on the iPhone 5! I'm uninstalling
53	Use to love this app but it's not working after new update. Pages won't scroll up or down...none of the different tabs work...it's frozen! Please fix ASAP!!!
13	Urrrrm After my third re installing, it finally has scenery. Before hand, it was just black shapes everywhere. I could not even see the walls. This killed my internet as it is a very big game that takes half an hour to install - if you don't like the game, their is no chance of a refund. Once I finally got the proper game, it is very pretty with smooth graphics, an amazing sound track, and some of the best scenery I've ever seen on my tablet. In the next update, I want to be seeing the right installment first time, a chance of a refund, and free roam! Free roam was the best part of the old games, I would love to have it on my tablet! Thank you ?
83	This app serves its purpose for me perfectly except for the mobile deposit won't work. It keeps saying can't find endorsement. After calling PNC multiple times about this still no fix.
3	Album function needs improvement Current version opens up all possible folders which includ cache files which should be selectable from settings to avoid unnecessary browsing resulting low productivity.
337	I'm very disappointed that I can't open most excel files anymore! Repeated tries works occasionally but it should work every time!
1	"NEEDS TO BE UPDATED. Was Fun & Challenging. Desperately in need of an update. Paid for the Allie levels SEPTEMBER 1 and still no new levels- when is ""soon""?? No new levels of the week. No updates. Used to be a favorite..."
122	It's good if you want to browse but is horrible at letting me post anything. It stays frozen on signing in and I have to close the app.
229	Crash Crash Crash Crash Crash Get it!!!!!
323	Was great It was great until apparently it updated on the 27th and now every time I try to use it I get a message the it has stopped working and it force closes! Please fix!
340	The white app icon is so atrocious, I'm hiding it away in a new folder that I'm naming 'Ugly Apps' It will be joined by Photos and iBooks Some other Apple bloat-ware apps, like Game Center, Newsstand, and Passbook could go in too, but they'll just stay in my 'Crap!' folder instead
12	Would like it to have more edit items..
341	This use to be a great app on iOS 5 Having iOS 7 and the latest version of   Dropbox and it's really bad The new UI for viewing photos and video needs improvement to return to the way it was
265	The app was awesome until the latest update  I lost a weeks worth of class notes, can't even open the program without it crashing unless I'm connected to wifi, and a complete notebook just disappeared after the password reset  Everything was great before the update, now nothing works
272	After the last update it crashes Please fix!
217	I liked very much the upgrade to pdfs (divisions and search) However, they aren't displaying anymore Fix it and it will be perfect Best wishes
190	Can't update your latest bug fix
131	It says error to collect calls and it won't let me up date anything it needs to be fixed
11	ok seriously this app would be great if the timing adjustments weren't so erratic. i've made the same exact video a million times and it keeps coming out with an extra 2 seconds here or a bit shorter there throwing off the entire video/audio sync
222	The update has been installing for a week
67	I love the app but it's annoying cause when I use the premade hats they come half out with the middle half of the hat gone so I can't make what I want easily.
331	Effect Please fix some of your effect such as fattal because its become a different quality of picture when I want to save it Which means what I edit its not the same picture that I save Overall good Just on that part only
76	It's really slow and it always glitches up when I try to delete a stauts or somthing and I can't figure out how to delete pics or make new albums no me gusta
200	Can't use due to pop-up about push notifications Open iTunes and connect for notifications HATE IT!
96	Won't open. Keeps timing out. Don't waste your time till they fix the issues.
144	COME ON DROPBOX!!!! This is getting ridiculous! I've uninstalled and reinstalled and it's still stuck! Your customer service said this update would fix it!
95	So frustrated. Not responsive or sluggish. Cannot modify the city from which I want to rent. I give up.
100	Bookmarks do not work. Bookmark your favorite dispensary and it takes you to some other random place. The overall performance is buggy and crashes.
354	Recent upgrade is causing the app to crash on iPad Needs fixed I have tried to delete and reinstall but that didn't fix the problem
284	I like Trip Advisor, but their app is slow and feels buggy If you have the patience to navigate through its, um, 'quirks,' then you can get to their good info
305	Search doesn't work anymore After the update, the search function doesn't work It keeps putting 20's within the search so nothing comes up Please fix, otherwise the app is useless if I can't search for anything
17	Plz more backgrounds and frame
137	Did not work on my new iPhone 5s Only showed sliding logo's
293	Pretty good but glitches Wanted to use flight filters, but it wasn't applying them Had to start search over Haven't used it much yet
16	You need to improve the hebrew editing..
87	This app used to work so well...now it never works. Please fix. It keeps sending me warning messages.
54	It seems like a cool app from what I have been able to see. It crashes everytime I get it open. The free app got me hooked which never crashed. Get this fixed please and I will resubmit a review.
267	I did the update and they made me change my password I logged in with my new password and ALL of my files are missing! And then I logged into my account through the website and no notes are there either This is great since midterms are next week and all of my notes are gone '(
369	Needs Update! It still needs updates! Its a bit slow! I hope whatsapp fixes this problem! I know they are too busy but they have to take out time for us!
154	Keep up the good work but camera upload has stopped working for me No matter what I change no photos or videos will load
82	It is useful to check balance and do transfers but mobile deposit simply doesn't work it refuses to see my signature. I called support and their suggestions were set camera to highest quality and delete and reinstall app neither of which were any help. So now I am stuck mailing the 'For mobile deposit only' check to them hoping that  PNC bank by mail works a lot better than this app!
134	I may give it a way better review when they fix it but EXPECT it to crash ll the time...about every 3-4 filters I downloaded & it then crashed. Frustrating. Once it FROZE and I had to delete & re-install. :-(
299	Worst Atleast reply and help   Worst since four days trying to register everytime they cut balnce for verification them send voice verification nd then fails that also  crap  negative star
185	This latest update did nothing to stop crashes Completely unusable
97	Loaded to my iTouch.  In it Everything is completely opposite - East reads as West.  North reads as South etc.  Don't get this app unless you want to get lost!!  Will proceed to Delete immediately.
368	Become very unstable and unsupported to my device Now a days it gives a big problem for my HTC desire V device  whenever someone or group chat text message me in marathi language or used in more smily in that  message that time whatsapp is directly closed and suddenly come back to the home screen and never open it
374	What the heck? Love the program BUT since you added the 'share this pin'  option I have been receiving spam that my friends did not send  My account was hacked too How about a fix???
203	In theory it's great but once a PDF is selected it can be impossible to close it  I have resorted to tapping relentlessly on my screen so some magic will show the tools  The PDF just sits there  Way more effective to go through a browser  Really?  Irritating!
313	Im a dude Im a dude and i love pinterest The app is little glitchie on Android and iPhone but its getting better
65	Doesn't work at all.  Want my .99 or an app that works!
133	I like this game a lot, play all the time cannot put down...however there is one issue, the game lags can you please fix. Thanks
342	Why did you remove open in option for music files? I used to be able to do this with my sound files Why??
312	I love pinning! I love pintrest and this app lets me use it anywhere The only problem I've had is that if i turn my phone sideways, the screen gets messed up and i have to exit out of the appplease fix!
56	Can't easily share composition due to file type.
145	Use to be good until I cannot open any office documents
117	Is been downloading for 2 days and still downloading
370	its problem is about not being allowed ur last online status
147	Great app I love the new design but with the new update when you try to share a link to a specific file that has a space in the file name I have to manually replace the spaces with %20 so it will hyperlink correctly This used to not be a problem Please fix this ?? Other than that one problem this is a great app also I like the fact that if you download a picture from the app onto the iPhone it doesn't auto upload the picture so you have 2 copies of the same photo in the auto upload folder Thank you for that fix Keep up the great work??
121	Crap. Doesn't work. Try something else. Don't waste your time!!!
320	Crashes all the time!
18	it is very important to add a landscape sheet orientation and Word Art (basic options at least)
275	Used to be a good application with ability to search cities you haven't yet reached and filter by rating as well as proximity however those features have been replaced with functionality focused on marketing hotels  Don't use this application purchase a good guidebook instead
135	Doesn't work for texting. You have to update ap or give instructions how it works for text. Just one star for trying. I'm a texting person. But this ap doesn't do that.
106	I love having my nook on my iPad and I love having so many books always with me. Sometimes, though, I wish I could get certain books they don't have.
330	Good as an editor,but a little slow Yeah! It is good but a li'l bit slow
79	This App Is Horrible. They Need To Update It x5. I Juss Got It And Its Taking Forever For The Features To Load. #TRASHHHH!
233	As recently as last week, I used this as almost my central control for everything  After the latest upgrades, there were issues and now it crashes and I cannot access anything  I am left in a very difficult situation  Please fix it!
23	Great game Was at last able to download it. The game is very good, graphics are awesome, loved it a lot. App is really smooth. I just wish the upgrades were permanent and the customization was more like the original most wanted and free roam feature is there. Rest is perfect.
218	please fix it it's the most often used function for me
33	I will give this app a much higher rating if you fix the Larimer County Fire and EMS...
255	Started with app not getting all notes Deleted and reinstalled app Fixed that Now when I select all notes, it opens to a specific note and freezes when I try to go back So here I am to try reinstalling again iPhone 5 ios7
127	I loved this app. I used it all the time, but after the update it won't get connected. And it crashes a lot. What's up with that?
31	Love the organization, features, and style, but the bugs make it impossible to use. The app isn't worth the money until the bugs are fixed.
81	Why did it update?? It logged me out and now it took all my books. I also haven't found how to buy books. Where is the store!?!? I need help...
376	Great app but I wish I could move pins, from one board to another, in bulk instead of one by one When I edit my boards it takes too long to move one pin at a time Other than that I love the app
5	Not good Why i cannot clear chat history. Come on.  There is no option for clear history. Please fix that!
125	Has started having issues sending photos recently. I have to send a half dozen before one will go througj
358	but i don't understand why we can't add a website even though it's an option also, it'll be cool to add videos!
345	At around 5pm every day all of my latest (today's) files just disappear They are still there though I can search for them and find them Then tomorrow, they are magically back!    On my desktop there is no issue Just on iOS     Is this a known bug?
61	Worst thing I ever brought, I want my four dollars back!!!!! Don't work good at all!!!!!
254	I find I must logon again each and every time I open the app on my iPad2 running iOS7 Curiously, this doesn't happen on my iPhone 4S Grr
365	Need to improve functionality on this app   Can't vote reviews helpful  Can't read your own contributions or see badges  Have to scroll thru all the pictures to get to the end Would be nice if you could skip to the oldest newest Pics without scrolling thru each one   Back button needs work as well    Otherwise, good for the basics!
244	Updated and lost all my notes Great work guys Do all your fans a favor - fire all your current programmers, offer the 2011 version as an update, and then call it a day
201	This app used to be flawless! But after recent updates I have issues uploading things I'll select a bunch of my photos to back up and the app will crash out and only upload a few and not all Major bummer!
37	It crashes constantly when searching for POIs, so I upgraded to 3.1.4 and it still crashes, maybe more often. Really frustrating that this is not coded better, it could be a very useful app. At least it was cheap.
148	Can't even uploadtransfer a file from Pages
300	5 star Excellent but a bit slow running
86	Very good
276	The app makes me manage my trip right on my phone Totally handy But the performance is no smooth at all The app needs to be fixed random crashes and glitchy performance
124	I was happy to see this app however it doesn't work and caused all sorts or network configuration problems. I called hp to reset printer, iPad, and computer and even they couldn't figure out what the problem was. After a ton of lost time I decided to erase the app and it allowed the iPad to find the printer using AirPrint again. This app needs a lot of work so I would use extreme caution downloading it at this time. Big waste of time!
347	Won't let me view my excel spread sheets from my iPhone Please fix it other than that love the app
139	Flat out will not open on a new iPad Air
220	It was cool, until the last update where now I can't upload from my iPhone It starts uploading , the progress bar shows it going, then when radionics he'd, the progress bar just starts again and again going over and over
266	Worked great with Dolphin, until the last update Now it is not
112	At first usage I realized that if you go to send an email there is no Cancel or Back button!  My App is stuck on this screen!  I don't know how the rest of it works because it's stuck on that screen :(
228	Since updating to iOS7 and latest update of Evernote the spell check feature is not there any longer  I utilize this for work, and rely on it for reports  I figured give it a couple of weeks and they would fix it, but it's been over two months now and no fix  Let's get it together Evernote team so I can give a 5 star review for this app again
113	I have so many apps through my iPhone and this is the worst one I've ever used! It deletes messages that I dont delete, doesn't send messages that I send, and doesn't even save my favorites when I click to save them! Truly horrible. I really hope you guys upgrade and soon because it's making it pointless for me to be on the site...
236	Agree with recent reviewers - this update completely ruined this excellent app for the iPhone on IOS7 Doesn?t work AT ALL Opens, then freezes completely and can?t even open any of my notes or create new ones  Doesn?t anyone test these apps before releasing them??  Please fix ASAP!!
356	It is overwriting my notes with outdated versions The complaints about syncing issues with the iOS 7 update are spot on Stay with the iOS6 version if possible!
198	I use ipad mini But I cant even access to my account because the app crashes in iphone size every time i open it Need a hotfix, URGENT
314	Love to Pin it! I love pintrest Super fun ideas and the app works great most if the time Sometimes it spools but not very often
256	I loved the app, but ever since I installed iOS 7 and updated the app, it does not start Please fix it
280	Used to be my most used app, but now it's a pain to find hotels when searching a geographical location  I now have to enter numerous towns and do numerous searches to find what I'm looking for  New version is a step in wrong direction
57	This may sound like a broken record, but I really like your app when it can download. But it can't now. I hate having to type this, but this needs to be fixed.
226	Was nice , won't open since update
176	The current version doesn't show all files in dropbox Please fix!
336	I used to be able to view xls files on my iPad AND iPhone  I can still view them on my iPhone but they no longer open on the iPad   Sometimes the files will open for a few seconds and then a gray screen comes up Most of the time I just get the gray screen  The gray screen has the file name, 'Office Open XML Spreadsheet'' and the file size  My spreadsheets are simple (no macros) and small in size  I've tried creating new spreadsheets and have the same issue  Web research shows others have same issue but no fixes have worked for me   I'm on the latest IOS 704 and the most recent version of Dropbox 301  Chat with Apple Support says it is a DropBox issue
158	Version 30 auto updated today and now my photos won't upload Luckily my SkyDrive added an upload feature
348	The app in iPhone needs important issue 'share via email'
251	Constant crashes in iOS 7 8 crashes in 30 minutes  Evernote not really ready for new iOS
168	I generally love Dropbox, but since I upgraded to iOS 7 I can no longer view html files properly (I am referring to files saved on my Dropbox as html) I used to view them displayed nicely as web pages, but now I just see the source code instead! Can you please fix that??  Also, can you please add the option to copy and move files? It would be a very useful feature!! Thanks!
338	The new interface is a very big disappointment Is there any way to get Version 232 back? Way too much white space which is hard on the eyes Also, still not able to rename files -- unbelievable!!!
250	I've not been able to use the app because it keeps crashing! What a PAIN!
206	Caught in a loop forever after trying to load a video and also forever looping in the initial how to adobe file Very sad
307	152 Update What's happened to this app? The people I follow page isn't working properly, the images disappear and nothing happens when it's refreshed! It's been all good until now Fix it please
355	It's an amazing app and I love it's features except for one little problem The GPS feature is a bit off I'm at home and when I want to make a quick note it gives me the wrong address It would be great if this could get fixed
211	Since new update 21 on Feb 15th, I get a splash screen followed by a crash Otherwise, 5*
188	I did not give permission to upload pics The settings say its off yet it continues to upload STOP!!!
51	Love the app, but i can't access my recipes that I saved online or save any. It keeps saying they are working on it. Wish I had not purchased it!
109	Can not even select a flight date anymore!! Don't waste your time here. Sheesh, why don't ya charge more for luggage so you can hire a programmer!
304	Better Em having Samsung galaxy s 4 ad I am facing problem when I updated what's appplz fix it
235	I had this program for 2 months, had allot of very important information kept inside, picturesnotesmemos, etc ,all of a sudden while using it, it CRASHED on me and when I went back in, everything was gone! Wiped out completely!?! I use an IPad 2 with plenty of memory, had no other programs running to even suggest a conflict! DO NOT USE THIS UNLESS YOU WISH TO RISK LOSING IMPORTANT DOCUMENTSfiles information TRUST ME, I am very computer literate  This program is loaded with problems even if you continue to download all there 'bug fixes'
196	awful appI uploaded HUNDREDS of photos but app could not upload them alllost hundreds of precious memories of concerts, times with friends, etc I was SOLELY relying on this app I had NO back up for these photos and deleted them when it said they were done now they are gone I can NOT access them
108	Can't login in on my iPad 3, tells me my password is incorrect.
245	I'm SO upset! I've been using this app for a year &amp have patiently endured the slow process of improvement It had really gotten quite good Then this last bungled attempt has made the app virtually useless Shame on Evernote's QC group (if they even have one?)
334	My iPad air and iPhone 4 on iOS 7 still will not open any pages documents, all they show is the document name and size
21	Great!! Need more country backgrounds & borders... Need more country backgrounds and borders..
286	When you select an attraction and click around to read reviews and view pictures and then go back to the full like it defaults back to the beginning of the list and you have to hit 'next page' a several times to find the place you left off Very annoying
237	I love Evernote I use it on my Mac and I use it on my iPhone I love the Evernote app but ever since the last update, which was a few days ago, this app has been giving me nothing but problems Sometimes it just doesn't open All I keep seeing is a blank screen Sometimes it opens up but then while going back and forth between notes or notebooks it simply gets stuck and doesn't respond to any finger taps or actions I hope the Evernote people improve this app and fix these bugs because I truly love Evernote and would like to keep using it But lately I have encountered nothing but serious quality problems with Evernote
32	"And on top of that every posting requires re-verification through email, even to re-post postings on a verified account I have on which through computer it asks for nothing.   When trying to add a picture to the posting, the ""add picture"" links are frayed out so you can't click to upload photos.   Terrible all around."
9	Where dat mini games at? There should be mini games like in the iphone/ipod version
47	This app isnt that great first it dont let u play flash videos n the rexomended video is horrible it always pops up that my connection is bad wen i have full bars its slow and crashes
70	Ya they went way to far! There was a bug the the game that sold your cell phone info and charge u things that you don't agree to.  So to hell with angry birds.  Don't get it....it's a scam to take more money then u paid for and sign u up to pay $10.00 each month from ur phone bill to pay some other county. It's a scam!!!!!!! That is ur warning!!!!
126	It is an awesome app to have. But it sometime shuts down when u try to open it. But the calls r ok and the texting is good!?????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????
199	It was working fine with no problems and now I can't even get the app to open!! Not happy about this at all!! Please fix!!! I even deleted the app and re downloaded n it still doesn't open this is very frustrating because this a great app when it actually works!!
77	Crashes as soon as I try to load it.
353	I like the fact that I can download drop box on any device and share pics What I don't like is the time it takes to download pics and that in order to download I have to always be connected to the Internet, this keeps the pics from downloading some times when I am away from wifi 2613 i'm still trying to figure out app support pictures are not downloading and i am going to remove this app from my IPAD its worthless
294	Finebt cud b improved!! Its d most popular app in any smartphn But it has becum too slow since d last update!! Pls fix!! Odrwse it s a 5 on 5 material!!
105	Loved this game. My husband n I were on competition I updated he didn't. No way can u get ahead if I can't reset. Deleting a once awesome game.
165	Downloaded it to find that it doesn't even open The AppStore says it's downloaded but nothing shows up in my app selection screen
344	One flaw is the fact that its almost impossible to load mp3s or WAV files over data It will play for a second or two then say its unable to load this file Fix please!
339	Why is this for iOS 7 only now? Not very fair for people wanting to run this on older devices or don't wish to downgrade to cruddy iOS 7
232	Since the last update the app keeps crashing I need my notes! Please help
155	I want the old version , this don't have the option to share my files via Facebook message ,please bring back the previous version or fix that !!!!
164	I've always found Dropbox a bit buggy, but it's gotten worse since I updated to IOS 7  When I download zip files or webpages &amp open the files, the screen is blank, blackened or a blurred enlarged image of the symbol (of Facebook, Google or other symbols related to the site that the the zip file or webpages it came from   As a teacher, I rely on having access online &amp off line related to research  for work my work as a teacher  Also, I am required to write notes &amp save them as zip files in order to save space  So, please fix Dropbox! Why does it keep telling me that I can't open some documents &amp that I don't have the authorization to alter or edit my document on the flip side, some documents tell me to enter a password (???)  If anyone has any suggestions to improve this or recommends a different program to recommend, I would appreciate it  Thanks!
302	I like this app, which allow us to chat, share music and video But in my mobile, after downloading the app, it works six months after that again it shows date failure and it will not work Again I have to download
297	It's awesome However recently there is lapse to receive the message  Didn't receive notification until open up the app
27	Nice Nice app, I enjoy it but my kids have more fun. I wish they had more manly stuff. Until then I give it 4 stars
192	It allows me to share individual photos but not entire folders!  What good is that?? I can easily text someone a single photo  WTH ?  I want to be able to send a link to people of an entire folder with many pics in it from my mobile  Seems useless now   On the other hand I do like that I can view and share excel documents That's pretty cool Although it does take quite a while to load it seems
363	You can't scroll very well when your trying to find a hotel, there's no search function that would find the hotel I was staying at and the attractions around and close by When scrolling  the hotels you would get to the bottom but it would let go on the the next 20 until you tap on a hotel then you could scroll down to the next 20 It has some good photos of every thing when you find it it doesn't perform  well on my iPad it's slow and it hard find what information your looking for if I was to use to book a hotel it might be worth it
357	I can't believe you guys removed one of the most useful features of Evernote, which was the ability to style lines as either a section, subsection, paragraph or blockquote That was the only way we could give some hierarchy to our notes  Now all my notes are one dimensional and its impossible to organize my thoughts How could the Evernote team consider that this feature was unnecessary? Do you guys not use your own app? How am I supposed to outline my notes? This is really a big let down to an otherwise great update But it's too big an omission for me too be happy about anything else That's why I give it 2 stars
74	I just tested this app out so that I could view Horrible Bosses as an UltraViolet Digital Copy, and I noticed that the movie was hard to see in some places because of what looked like really bad blurry areas right after the logos. This happened throughout the movie. This never happened to me with the regular digital copies that were compatible with iTunes. I could see everything clearly when I was using the regular digital copies. I think that if I have to buy these combo packs with UltraViolet Digital Copy, I will never use this app again. I'll stick to the UltraViolet/Flixster cloud because there it wasn't blurry at all. On top of this, since the update ALL the UltraViolet movies are buffering and skipping. This never happened with my last update. Please fix.
230	The app used to work great, but now it keeps freezing and I can't get into my  notes It is very frustrating I have to delete the app and download it again What a pain!!
240	Freezing on start up all the time Becomes useless Considering other apps
98	Hangs up multiple points in interface. Way too buggy to be useable.
241	Im on an original iPad mini and so maybe that's part of he deal but it seems like there are still little thins that need some work For example the spell check doesn't work just right and the search is slow at times Neither of these or any others will keep from giving this app a great rating   I also think that here are improvements I hope to see in the future One is full screen mode Maybe I'm missing this but the only time you get full screen is when you start a new note I'd like this options when reading or editing too   Keep up the good work!
273	The Evernote desktop version effectively ruined my windows 7 computer and brought to a halt my MS Office especially outlook  Still trying to repair the effects of this program Sadly haven't even got to really use the program   If you use a Mac then maybe no issues, but it was a bad purchase for this windows computer user
227	This app keeps crashing as its loading my document Im a student in college using my iPad and this is not very good considering this is my book file
162	Seriouslywhy did select all functionality no longer available on everything?! (For most apple app) If i need to upload 500 imagesi have to check those 500 images one-by-one!?!
180	The layout is very clean but it fails to load editing settings or feedback components It has potential, but is still buggy
20	Disapointed Developer pls optimize it for galaxy grand duo., and hope in modern combat 5 its comopatible with this grand duo too., not all can buy  high n phones all the time. Im really a fan of Modern Combat. Pls update and optimize it and il giv 5 star
2	No good. It will let me make them but I can't share them to anything like Instagram!! :(( please fix this soon.
262	Overall good maneuverability Love the connectivity I hate how hard iris to put different notes into different notebooks, though!
10	How about an English version?
179	Major sync failure! You put documents at work and go home and sync again only to find none of them are there Other times when they are actually synced you can't open them! I'm deleting it
325	NO Fix the comments!
193	Does anyone else have their Dropbox app, not the site, increasing in memory even without any favorite files??? Have to erase app once every 2 weeks!!!
223	With the latest update you can no longer download ePub files to iBooks The option to download is grayed out Looks like I will be moving over to google docs or something else
377	great way to save favourite things love it but constant emails irritating
289	Every time I log on to my TripAdvisor account through Facebook on my iPod Touch, it crashes I am only able to sign in through my Facebook, but it won't let me in This glitch needs to be fixed
22	Good Its good but can u get me a layout of 11 pictutes coz we have a grup of 11 members and we need to use it as the icon can u add the same as soon as possible
101	It's great when it works, the app disconnects frequently.
335	In a previous version, if the user was looking at pictures and suspended the app it would leave it right where they were upon restarting the app Now the app completely refreshes at start up, which gets annoying sometimes Also its more cumbersome to swipe through images since it's only responsive on the top half of the screen instead of the whole screen
371	Fix some prblms
298	Full stars if completely downloaded Not downloading properly although full netwrk excess
39	This is a very beautiful app and worthy of ever cent. The only thing is my app crashes every time I try to select for info for a planet. Maybe it is because the brand new iOS 4. NEEDS AN UPDATE!!!
291	This app is horrible in my experience Takes forever to load, and search and filter options either partially or entirely fail I've gone back to using the TripAdvisor website through my browser
279	Not showing or even suggesting located areas
177	Crashes if my connection is spotty, completely useless
321	Fare Still having problems, I got foreclosed on like 20 times last night and still aren't able to change my password or access my boards, it's as if my Pinterest has been compromised!)- please fix this issue so that I can get back into enjoying my Pinning Thx Pinterest!
364	We really enjoy this app while traveling When you're on the road and you're ready to stop to eat, this is a great app to find a good place We have found some really good places to eat that we would not have known about Having a map to get you there also helps     One small issue I have is that when you ask what's near you, or when you use a filter, not everything shows up  An example is that I was trying to find info on a brew pub near our motel  It didn't show up on the map and when I asked for pubs near my current location it didn't show up in the search  But, when I searched by name, there was the pub and reviews
215	I updated the dropbox app on my iPad and can't view any of my PDF files Viewing wasn't a problem before the update Help?
103	"Hi Fox, would you help me out with my Fox News app, It's as ""frozen"" as ice. I can not even write to you except through this review. This is the 1st. time it's happened with Fox for me so I'm leaving 4 stars ;) TY in advance !! I'm on an iPod 4 with wifi."
167	Since the new update Dropbox freezes and blanks when viewing files, never did it before with the old os Really annoying to what was a good product Hope the powers that are responsible read this and provide a much needed fix
55	I just bought this last night. I tried it this morning before showing my daughter and it crashes 3 seconds after I try and open it. I unfortunately didn't read the reviews before I bought this as it sounds like this is happening to everyone. I want my money back.
303	Ok app It is not updating since long I have been trying very much But it has gud to connect wid ur frnds
66	The only issue I had was one of the supplied sources crashing the program. But there are many places to find the songs. Awesome app!
6	Wish someone warned me before . . . . . . no spell check for Android , not even the paid version.
62	I bought this app, and the entire workout set for $60. The app did not work correctly so I deleted it and re-installed it. Now it wants me to pay another $60 to re-download the workouts.  I have contacted the manufacturer twice and have not responded to my emails.
208	UPDATE 22113 New Update  Same problem    Installed update and froze up I can access through the 'open' option on dropbox App Store page but not through dropbox icon on phone page I deleted and reinstalled - same thing I'm operating on the latest IOS for iPhone 4 Please fix
324	Very good Fav app  Only bad thing is all the fakes Not good
72	Fix it!  How many times do I have to send you the crash report before you fix the app?   Until its fixed, I dislike this app
191	Seriously? I keep trying to get to one of my files, but the app keeps crashing for some reason Please fix this    Other than that, you're doing an average job!
306	Wtf I was happily pinning away when I got a msg telling I'd reached my pin limit Wtf?  Look, if we are going to have limits of what I can pin, then I am going to delete this app and my account That's just stupid Plz fix I love Pinterest but if I can't get the same quality of service I've been used towellwhat's the point
375	I dislike the update on the news feed, I don't want to see in which boards my pins are being pinned to I prefer the old feed
328	Nice app Does evrythng gud except tht red eye optn doesnt fnctn properly
146	Charges made without any request and no approval
174	The service is great, but the app fails Pressing 'Upload Here' freezes the app and crashes it on the next open
50	This app was amazing until the most recent update. It says I'm in offline mode even though I'm connected to wifi and all other apps and Internet on my iPhone are working. I can't access anything on the app and there does not appear to be a fix.
212	Just un install and reinstall Works Awesome now Love this app probably best ever!
136	I've had this app for a month and everyday I try to use it and it freezes upon 1st touch. So sad... Want it to work so bad... Can't bring myself to delete it!
163	Sometime in the last month Dropbox stopped syncing The most recent files on my phone are all 1 month old yet there are many more current files that I have loaded in Dropbox desktop folder for syncing Help!
140	Why did you drop support for earlier IOSs? Does Apple make you?
25	Needs a little improvement Overall the app is great! It would be nice if you could pin posts to your page from the app. Otherwise you CANNOT do it at all if you are mobile. Fix it and you will have five stars!
205	Non-starred files occupied more than 600 MB and I have no way to reduce itit eats out all my ipad space
114	"I'm giving the NFL '12 v3 update three stars largely because it's an improvement over the previous version. The in-game display is better organized, and the ""Scores"" page is vastly superior to the prior version: you can now see all games for the current week on one screen instead of scrolling through a list. After a modest amount of use, the app appears much more stable.  However, it still needs work in many respects. The scoring summary is gone (so far as I can tell); I often found this helpful when checking up on games that I wasn't following play-by-play. The ""team leaders"" appears limited to only 1 QB (passing), 1 player rushing, and 2 receivers, with no apparent way to scroll through players or pull up a full listing. Especially during the preseason games, when teams are running through multiple personnel packages, this is very frustrating--there's no way (for example) to compare the passing stats of the 2 or 3 QBs who have gotten playing time. A more egregious problem is that (at least for the Thursday games in week 2), the teams do not switch properly: checking on the Atlanta vs. Cincinnati game, if I tap on the ""Atlanta Falcons"" button, I get the passing stats for A. Dalton; if i tap on the ""Cincinnati"" button I see the passing stats for M. Ryan (with the rushing and receiving stats for their teams). I'm hoping this is an operator error that will be fixed shortly, but it reflects poorly on the product. (I apologize for the comments length, I'm hoping that the NFL is monitoring this feedback.)"
259	I love Evernote and I use it everywhere and on various devices (iOS and desktop) I used to love the simplicity of the web interface, but the new one seems too cumbersome and I've had some really weird issues where it has overwritten my notes Overall, I would rate the environment 45
290	I have tried to get information on TA and all I see is this statement that the review has been removed What gives? At this rate, TA is of no use to me
343	Can no longer add files directly from phone Completely loses point for me now Won't use it until I see an update
252	Evernote has been a mainstay in my life for the past years, and it pains me to say that there's a major bug in current ver  Once I get into webview, I'm unable to go back to Evernote The Done button is not working I tried quoting the app and it won't work either Now I'm re-downloading the app, cross fingers this will help
104	I am totally addicted to this, this is my only app that I have from so long ago only one tiny problem it does freeze but only once in a blue moon so it doesnt really bother me #1 best app I am up to level 101 NO JOKE!!!!!!!
178	Was I the only one to ever report this problem??  Ever since I downloaded the latest update the app on my iPad continues to show a pop up alert message I click ok and it pops right back up!  I've turned off all alerts for the app and I have been in contact with Apple Support We reset to complete default mode, reloaded the app and still the issue It is so annoying Is any else experiencing this?
28	I loved SoundHound before the last update. Now I can't view my history. I've tried several times and after 30 minutes of waiting for it to download I just give up. Back to using Shazam. I hope this gets fixed.
184	Please fix the crashes , bugs and if its possible ,make the App faster
350	Until the last update Please fix
19	Good This app can be improved if there was a option to select it as a default camera .....
110	Every time I try to select a seat it never loads.
44	The one good thing about the last update ws the ability to make folders. But, you are not able to make folders inside folders. I wish you could. The bad things about the last update? Now typing has lag which is very annoying. I don't see how that happened since there is no crazy graphical interface or anything animated. The major thing that is pretty much a deal breaker for most people is the removal of the TAB button. I always hated that the TAB button was up on the ruler. I would prefer having only one shift key and place the TAB on the keyboard. But now i wish it was back up top at least. Now you have to go through a complicated process and menu to use it. I've stopped using Pages now since it is such a pain to tab unless you are using a bluetooth keyboard.
295	Poor(( Need updates for Android! WA so lame in Androids(( Fix it!
318	Although I am an avid Pinner, this app keeps knocking me out of my Pinning time, therefore making my search have to start over  Very irritating  Also slows down a ton when I open another board besides my own  Please fix these problems!  I want to Pin more!
120	This app doesn't work. It's terrible. Goes to show you what happens when media companies lock their content.  I have time Warner and should be able to watch. Whenever I choose my provider nothing happens. It times out then crashes. Really poor job by everyone involved here. Garbage.
156	The white app icon is so atrocious, I'm hiding it away in a new folder that I'm naming 'Ugly Apps' It will be joined by Photos and iBooks Some other Apple bloat-ware apps, like Game Center, Newsstand, and Passbook could go in too, but they'll just stay in my 'Crap!' folder instead
378	I am a little bit in love with pinterest! very addictive, a little slow though!
352	This is not a review of the Dropbox service (which is great) but of this app, which can use a lot of improvements The single most frustrating thing about it is that it displays only a dozen or so characters in a file name Since I have thousands of files, some with long and descriptive names, it is impossible to find what I'm looking for unless I download the files to the iPad one by one There is no way to resize the file list to make more of the files visible Why not?
189	I love Dropbox on my Mac and I use it all the time to share files with my photography clients However I find it very annoying I cannot email the link to my clients in the iPhone app! Makes it hard for on-the-go sharing! What's the point of the app if I cannot share my folders?! Please change!
183	What happened?  I used  to rely on Dropbox to transfer files from my iPad to my computer The camera upload still works but that's about it They need to fix this App!!!!!
93	What happened?? I can't access my program now. Will cancel if problem is not fixed soon!
119	Since update I can not open links or pictures from email. Please fix.
269	After this latest update I can't even get into my account on either my iPhone or iPad it says incorrect password!!! What a freakin joke of an update! Do they even test before sending out these updates or what?
24	Mostly great! Best photo editing app for me I've ever used. Except the one thing I really wish you could do is use one of your own gallery photos as the background for a pic frame
41	I'm very disappointed with this app. I loved when it worked, but since the new update it won't even open! That last update was at the end of October, and now it's the beginning of December .... one would think that a big company, with I'm sure a nicely paid Tech team, would have figured out the bugs by now. Don't waste your money on this app until they fix it!
271	I like the app but suddenly it won't open and I can't get to my notes
326	This app is misbehaving big time on me WHY??? I love this one and its just not working right for me'( now it won't download the features is Stuck I don't know if its me or you ???Please Try Helping me,Thanks Again '( '( SOS PLEASE HELP GET THIS APP TO WORK FOR ME TY PAM THERESE LUKASZ PARKRIDGE,IL 60068 '(  -#  X  @  &gt&ltTHANK-YOU FOR FIXING MY PROBLEM ,SO FAR GREAT JUST LIKE NORMAL TY TY TY TY ) ) )!!! ((((HUGZ))))!!!!!!!  =]
197	Dropbox no longer accepts files from my iPad since latest IOS update Before this issue the app actually worked and was an easy five star
225	Latest version seems to have stopped playing my videos  Sad
75	I love this app....... When its WORKING!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
263	Frequently crashes and does not allow local storage of personal notes, which are automatically stored on painfully slow Evernote servers  Personal notes and passwords have been compromised by hackers once already  Hope you did not have anything sensitive in your notes!
78	"""Attic"" is a synonym of ""noggin"" but not vice versa. By the way I like the wiktionary thing."
99	Gave me an error first time after uploading check images. App crashed the second time while uploading check images.
195	Argh Crashes all the time This service, and this app, would be great if the app didn't crash when reading PDFs  Great when it works
89	All my settings are on and yet the phone doesn't alert me on the relevant info I plugged in. The iPad version is keeping better updates.
123	Looks like it would be a great app, but it only downloads grades for 1 class...hmmm. Pretty useless for me right now.  I'm extremely disappointed since the website is difficult to use on my iPhone. This app has too many connection problems & it's too slow. I'll use the crappy designed website until this app gives me something useful to see. I'll try back later :(
379	Best pic edit app Great app Jus cant find how to remove text from a pic
129	After I installed my 12th vid app has frozen and I cannot access the app or any pics.  Any help ?
316	2114 Will not let me share recipes with any of my friends
277	Really need to know how far a restaurant is from my current location so that I don't hAve to take a cab from hotel or fight traffics Would like to know what's near me    Too bad it has the makings of a great app!!!  Back to yelp
46	I can't load 2 minutes of any video, and now I can't even fast forward the video at all. I used to love this app, but you idiots ruined it for me. Does anyone know where I can get a new flash video player?
349	I always use dropbox with Upad, but this newest version can't open PDF files with Upad anymore plz update as soon as possible
270	Just installed update and it's unusable now because it crashes 100% of the time upon startup
45	I just installed on my 3Gs and it took forever to load .. Now when I tap  on it it's just a blank white screen .. I'm pissed
213	This app used to work flawlessly After the most r event update however I can't even open it I get the logo screen and then the app crashes completely The update has rendered it useless!!
149	None of my photos will load even tho they have been uploaded to Dropbox for months Ever since the update none of my photos show up in Dropbox It's just white boxes App is no use for me if it won't load my photos
85	It's need an update where u can post a new chapter of your story and where u can upload a cover for the story! >:0 And it keeps crashing!
292	Search engine not complete Searched for house rentals in Healdsburg, CA Having friends there, I know that there are more than 16 b&ampbs Also no results for house rentals in the valley Love trip advisor and use it often on the computer, but this app doesn't provide you with proper search options
4	Can not edit PDF :-( I just wanna note something in PDF .but I cant.
7	Just ok For God's sake we need a new icon and interface, seems so outdated!!
8	Good bt not satisfied :( Can't reply.. no tagging.. please add more features..
14	Doesn't save progress online Great game except it doesn't save my progress in online mode. I'm smashing fools and still stuck on Rank 11.
15	New update Great app but would be great if app locker could be turned off from widget and also pattern password rather than numbers or letters.
26	Good camera app It's a very nice camera app with so many effects except no video recording. Please put video recording with real time effects. it's a good app though.
29	I love this app using it for a long time a year works great but started to show wrong stars even after I adjust them with moon it happen after your new update please fix it
30	I was having problems with my Simple Machines forum crashing  while posting so I installed tapatalk. It freezes almost daily, but not before I finish a post. For that reason alone I keep using it.   Unfortunately it limits my access to parts of the forum that are very useful to me. I cannot search the forum at all. I cannot see who started a thread, I cannot see auto signatures and I cannot use emoticons. Some of my browsing shortcuts are not available. Tapatalk offers nothing near the full browsing experience but it works and that's enough for now.
34	bought the app, worked good the first time, now it opens with just the home page, wont do anything else, disappointed
35	Nice going. I loved this app. You could match any face anyway you want. Till I downloaded the update. Now the hue a saturation is all messed up. It was perfect before. Change it back!
36	I use this app traveling through six countries in Europe over a period of three weeks and it was flawless. The off-line option always worked great. Do not expect this map to give you distances from place to place it will not do that. But once you get into a city if you want to get around, this cannot be beat.
38	Love it but it's crashing with the new update!!
40	The few times it worked it was an awesome app. Now it's total frustration: takes forever to load and then crashes. Lame!
42	The interface works great and mapping is nice :) Only bug I've seen is Facebook integration at times.
43	I listen to it a lot. However, it will once in a while disconnect for no apparent reason. When it disconnects, it will repeat previous transmissions. I would like more APD and less Fire and Ambulance. Great app!
48	"I went in and made a playlist, I unselected the group podcasts button so it would go into my list of pod casts so that I could create playlists like NEWS, TECH, etc... it worked for the FIRST playlist created, now it won't work for any of the others I create, it will ONLY allow to select ALL the podcasts... very strange. Please fix.   The ""GROUP by PODCAST"" button is now dead after creating ONE playlist successfully....  I have uninstalled, reinstalled, rebooted my iphone, etc. Please help... an AWESOME program otherwise.   I just have a lot of podcasts and need to be able to group them... the iPhone's hard installed video app does that for me ... but I really want to use your program vs. the iPhones app.... Please advise."
49	Now it crashes and I can't get in anymore. Please fix!
52	Good ap but the usage of activity points does not work. Not shown when the add button is selected. Fix this. Other than that, no problem.
58	I'm glad I didn't pay the $10 for this app. Every time I try to load it it crashes. There's a 50-50 chance that I will get alerts. I got the app so i would know about warnings and to help keep my family safe. I would not recommend this app unless they fix all these issues. I want something that will work all the time not half the time.
59	The new update doesn't work. Won't even open now. Can't believe I paid for this app!! I have found better apps for free!!!
60	Crashes after update
63	App hasn't worked in a month. That shows no effort in trying to fix this. You all failed.
64	I can't even install it. I am now with out my navigation. This is the worst. Hurry up and fix it and I will change it to an 4 star
68	Does everything I would need a simple weather app to do. Radar is slow to load, but I have another app for that. There's not a lot of detail in the information, particularly in details for upcoming days. The forecast is no more specific than a high and low temp and a picture representation of the weather for the entire day. Nevertheless, this isn't meant to be too detailed, and it provides plenty of info for the current time. My biggest complaint is that the app crashes on startup often. Sometimes it will load the second time, sometimes it requires a restart of my iPad 3rd generation. It's a nice looking app, the kind that you would want to have on your iPad, it just has a stability problem.
69	After you edit the photos on the iPad there is no way to move them to the iPhoto app on a Mac. They don't update on the Mac. Please fix this.
71	The effects are really cool. Nothing like instagram. But the app crashes every time I try to save. Needs to be fixed.
73	The upgrade keeps crashing and I can't even get it to work!!!!
80	doesn't load properly on my 3GS with the latest iOS. used to show picture relating to current weather but not anymore. radar map takes forever to load.
84	The only thing this is good for is starting documents. If you try to upload your documents from google documents the document is just gray.
88	This once great app is now useless.  Every address I enter fails.  I was a faithful and constant user before the update, now I am searching for another app that actually works.
90	I have the paid $20.00 version. Worked great until update. Seriously, nothing works now. Greens are not tee boxes and swimming pools are not greens.
91	Will definitely download and re-rate as 5 stars when this is fixed. Unusable if you want that option, which is why I give 1 star.  Dont bother putting brown rice in the special secrion as it may be missed.  Great way to order and avoid any miscommunication with staff.  Love the food a ton!
92	I downloaded this app so I could load my physical card and take advantage of the $10 free offer but the app won't open. I've rebooted my phone, and deleted and reinstalled the app. No luck. Was there any quality control on this thing?
94	This app was great until the most recent update. Now it crashes all the time. Do NOT download until this problem is (hopefully) fixed!
102	It is the best app ever.
107	First off, let me say that it looks great...if I could get it to stay up for more than 5 seconds...then it CRASHES!  The concept is wonderful and the app appears to be very nicely done from a user interface standpoint but it is very unstable.  Big disappointment since I use this for my doctoral studies, major failure in the mobility and convenience categories...0 out of 10 for usefulness.
115	I was using the app which seemed great until I noticed it was posting to my fb page even though I opted out. Deleted app because it doesn't give you the option again after the fact
116	Every time I use it, it crashes. If I don't use for 25 days, pinger says they will give away my number. Terrible app.
118	"The app is fine but the one thing, (and really only thing you need it for) isn't working. I attempted to pay a bill using the credit card already on file and  after several minutes of ""beach ball"" froze the app. I had to go to the website to pay my bill."
128	This is just do frustrating. Only solution is Delete and re download app. Then it freezes again on camera launch...! Happened for the last month. Please fix it then I will Gladly give all Five stars...!
130	Very fun but the server is apparently not that big for all users. My app keeps getting errors when I try to open it and play where I don't get that with other games. Haven't been able to play all day
132	Very aggravating! First, game wouldn't load, just got loading spinner. Now game will load for 1 play then when you try to play again......black screen, loading spinner! Waste of money! Please fix it!!
138	Ever since iOS 7 update, Dropbox has not worked constantly crashes, when it does run it is EXTREMELY slow, and there are problems with camera uploading PLEASE FIX ASAP
141	Since the update, it won't backup to Dropbox
142	I have an ipad 1st gen which can not update anymore I want to install dropbox on that device but dropbox can not be installed! I hate it Why not support the previous IOS version? How can we use it?
143	My iPad works fine when I open Dropbox But every time I open it on my iPhone 4 is either crashes or it continuously pulls up a messiah making it hard to close It needs to fixed Fast Even after the current update just a day ago it is still crashing on IPhone!! This needs to be fixed
150	I care more about the functionality than the looks, so this review will say nothing about the updated look  There are some major bugsproblems with the update!!!!  I am no longer given the option to 'open in'  This means, I can look at my Numbers spreadsheets, but I can't 'open in' Numbers, so I can't work with those spreadsheets or enter any info on them  Major issue!!!  It makes dropbox completely useless for me     Please fix this !!!!!
151	This update makes it harder and slower to use The icons for different file types all look very similar, which makes it slower to scan through and find the desired file The old version used colors, which made it much faster to use
152	The inverted colors of the icon induce retinal after images, and in-app, the whiteout is hard on the eyes The experience on an iPad Air is one of huge expanses of white or badly contrasting off-whitelight blue and stencil-thin pale icons battling the brightness of it all The spartan look works fine on an iPhone, where there is proportionately less white assaulting the eye with the iPad, however, I keep trying to reduce the brightness of the display, but that only further impacts contrast and legibility   Also why is it not possible to change names of files or folders??
153	Since they did a new update almost all my JPEG take too much time to open or even don't open I need to save the file to see the photo on my iPhone   How can I have the old version?????
157	HOW CAN I CAN MAXIMIZE THE SLIDE SHOW ?! IT DISAPPEARED  BAD UPDATE
159	When I open it crashes my iPad
160	Im on a crappy hotel wifi that goes in and out Been trying to download a 1gb file for over 2 days now But for some reason dropbox has not allowed favorited downloads the ability to resume  and instead restarts the download from the beginning every time it fails It's almost 2014 We have the technology to RESUME A DOWNLOAD what's the problem here?
161	It does a poor job at retaining the starred items in memory So I wait a long time for an MP3 to buffer, I 'star' it so I won't have to wait next time But then next time it often has to buffer all over again!
166	Needs to be less crazy
169	Music takes 15 seconds to load after you have selected a song ( doesn't matter if I'm on Verizon LTE or Wifi) also, it doesn't play the next song automatically instead you have to open the app, go back and pick the next song in the folder You can't even hit the 'next' button to skip tracks  Please fix these in the next update!  Running iOS7 Same issues on iOS 6
170	You can't download any videos into your phone Like come on I don't know why yahoo would do this to me making a deal with Dropbox
171	I typically don't leave support as my feedback, but I can't seem to get a response This app crashes each and every time I try to open it on my iPad 3rd gen I use it often on my Iph5 but for some reason here it doesn't work Please update ASAP so it works again
172	It works on a few platforms but I love to keep changing my phones every couple of weeks and this app is not universal on all platforms They need to release this app on more platforms like newer Windows Phone 8 like Lumia 1020 and then it will be true 5 stars Till then, sky drive wins
173	Always loved Dropbox Reliable and handy Newest version has menu problems Can't upload Please fix! Thanks!
175	I'm having issues with moving my files
181	I install Dropbox yesterday When I start the App the  dialog box ' app wants your location' appears in an endless loop
182	I have not been able to use Please fix
186	New update doesn't detail what's changed Now the app doesn't work Just a black screen with a gray bar at the bottom Please fix soon
187	I get a pop up about push notifications and if I push ok it pops back up again making it completely inoperable I tried changing all the push notification options and it doesn't fix it!
194	This app never installed correctly, I don't see the icon Nevertheless, it always show up in the App Store under Updates It always says Installing I can't update it, can't delete it, can't use it Only App I've ever seen that does that  ZERO stars!  What a Joke!
202	Spent many hours successfully transporting pictures Site then froze when I needed to export All pictures are locked and frozen I keep trying to re- access the app site with no success
204	somethings wrong with the last update  i only can view pdfs once   after opening for the first time, cannot view them anymore!    the latest update fixed the issue of crashes and also can view the pdfs without problem thanks a lot for your work!  however there is still a problem which is that when you try using the 'open in' option in other iPad applications, and ask to open in Dropbox, the filed just opened shows up in the iPad Dropbox application, but the Dropbox server is not updated meaning that file is not found in the Dropbox folders if you access the folders in a different devicecomputer, etc
207	Downloaded the latest update and now my app has disappeared, and the App Store won't let me download it again
209	I can't open the goddamn app
214	I can't open it on my ipad 3 Help! Crash! Crash! Crash!
216	Thanks, Dropbox  Here I was, thinking Dropbox is one of the greatest inventions since sliced bread  One update, and I can't access my files or photos on my gen 3 IPad  I know it is Presidents' Day weekend, but can someone fix this please?  Maybe you are enjoying time with familysure would be nice to share pics with them
219	Cannot open any saved files
221	The automatic upload feature is ridiculous as there is no intuitive or easy way to stop it  Also, the delete function is confusing and should have some sort of dialog box informing you that you are about to delete a photo on your ipad, not just in dropbox interface, and ask you to confirm that you want to do this  My wife tried to stop the automatic upload and hit the delete prompt thinking that may stop it  We now lost photos of our newborn which we cannot recover  Thank you Dropbox - you just lost us photos we will never get back!
224	The latest revision (as of 10 January 2013) loops endlessly when trying to upload a 411KB file  Had to email it to move to another device
231	Update, EN performance has improved considerably (from 2 to 3 stars) since my last review, however the app remains pretty buggy It constantly reports failure to synch, it freezes momentarily between all actions, it crashes here and thee, and the search function sometimes fails to find key words I am borderline thinking of going premium, but also keeping an eye for alternatives Note, some of my problems may be related with some incompatibility of iPad2 with iOS7  Previous review, After several months of daily use, and building about 1K pretty intensive notes, I was in the process to put a serious long-term commitment to EN- but I've had to seriously rethink this after the problems with the last upgrade The problems I've experienced are not as severe as what others are reporting Mine have been mostly with the iPad 2 version, while the desktop version w MacBook Air has continued to work OK   On the iPad things have actually improved quite a bit over the past week, in terms of less freezes, when trying to do a search- so for me it is wait and see, to see if EN can get it together The searches have also become less efficient and clunky in all iPad &amp Mac desktop versions I am still working on EN, but will also be on stand-by, and looking for possible alternatives  I don't have many concerns w the new design, as others do-- but I do hope that EN programmers can stay focused on the real issues
234	I love Evernote and have become very reliant on it, one of the apps I can't do without however I am without it now because it crashes on open and will not open on iPhone  DO NOT load the Dec 12 update!  Evernote please fix
238	The app has been unbelievably buggy since the last update Cannot trust using it on iPhone (only desktop and iPad)
239	Brilliant app but crashes on iPad and iPhone
242	I dislike the latest version My notes randomly disappear They are listed under the wrong name (usually by the one that is actually above it) I LOVED the version prior to this one This version is making me lose my confidence that my notes are actually being saved!
243	Evernote is an excellent and indispensable service in my life I'm happy to be a premium subscriber    The mobile app, however, seems to be getting progressively worse The latest version is clunky and buggy Not to mention that 'announcements,' which are essentially ads, now occupy the app's prime real estate If there were an extra-premium subscription that would let me hide those and focus on my work, I'd subscribe!    I love the document photo feature I use it daily In the latest app iteration, though, this feature causes a crash Arg!    I'm an Evernote evangelist, but I honestly could not recommend this mobile app    ???  ORIGINAL REVIEW  Thanks for your hard work Happy to be a premium subscriber    Only suggestion add ability to copy note links
246	I really wanted a note system I could trust, but Evernote just lost all my notes on the upgrade
247	It seems Evernote did not understand the spirit of iOS 7 The design seems flat for the sake of flatness Usability has been thrown out the door It's very confusing to use the app Simple actions are painfully slow
248	Okay Evernote, I hope you are listening You had a great idea But 'note' should not be in your name Call it Eversomething The text formatting makes it virtually impossible to create a note with any form of rich text, bullets, numbered lists, indentation, etc Maybe the underlying code base or architecture makes it difficult to create rich text with proper formatting I don't know, but until this is fixed it is not useful And man I've really tried to like Evernote The synching ability among so many platforms was great But I have to go back to OneNote now Who knows if you will read this But I really wish you would understand this huge weakness in your product And I have done a good amount of googling around to know that I'm not the only one around wanting better text capabilities Please fix this I really want  need a proper Evernote!
249	The search function isn't working and I have to sign in every time I open it Evernote needs to fix this Other than that, I love Evernote
253	Was just beginning to trust this app until 7 update Quit working for all practical purposes Will watch for patches and post an updated review I really was wanting this app to be effective They have some silly new process to sell post it notes Not!
257	?The highlighting of words works but the menu that pops up to copy, cut, paste etc Won't stay open long enough to be used ?When placing the cursor over text when the keyboard is open makes the text jump every where but where you want the cursor to be
258	No notes showing up All the notebooks are there but they are all empty Boo
260	Seems like the Evernote religion has passed me by Perhaps there are handy tools that I am missing trainings that are obvious to all but me But, really! The notes, bullet points, spacing, numbering all fail when i transfer to Word and other systems The resulting formatting problems take longer than just starting over and retyping notes I also find that the left column flickers and the program crashes at every other use About 1 in 4 syncs give an error message     All that aside, I like calling up notes on my phone, ipad, and desktop (almost) whenever I want If this problematic version is intended to induce me to go for another version, it doesn't In fact, if this version were more solid, I'd be tempted to buy the upgrade
261	When this app worked, I'd give it 4 stars But shortly after having it I got several errors about inability to sync And then I couldn't open all my notes And now it says trouble reaching evernote server Btw the solution to that 1 (after I tried reinstalling and rebooting) is to log in using user name instead of email (or vice versa Whatever you're having a problem w try the other) But annoying this happens at all     If it works for you, this is a pretty good app to help you keep all those notes you scribble down and email yourself in 1 place
268	Today's update, dated March 1, 2013 is horrible!  Every single time I open up the App, it defaults to the 'Updated' view of all my notes Then, when I select either 'Title', which is how I REALLY WANT to organize my notes, in alphabetical order, or I select 'Created,', the App immediately crashes and closes  I have tried this over 50 times! I tried rebooting my iPadno to avail  I tried deleting the App all together, and then reloaded it, but still the same problem!  This HAS TO BE FIXED ASAP PLEASE!!!!!!!  I can't effectively use my notesit's too much of a hassle to try to look in each month for a note created, and even each month is not in alphabetical order  THERE IS NO RYTHME OR REASON TO THIS UPDATE!!!!  I have always been one of your biggest advocates and proponents  If this bug isn't fixed pronto, I will have to delete Evernote permanently, and use a different App!  ARGHHHHHH!!!!!!
274	I was looking for the longest time the save (Favorites feature) button until I noticed that it only appears when iPad is hold in vertical position (upright) This was so weird I usually hold my iPad for trip advisor in horizontal position (sideways), so the button was nowhere to be found? I hope that the tripadvisor fixes this UX usability issue soon
278	Was an excellent app  Now crashes on iPod touch since last update  Won't open at all Please fix asap!!
281	Locations on maps are incredibly inaccurate Sometimes it's only a few blocks wrong, or maybe a mislabeled street, but I am seeing much worse locations outside of San Miguel de Allende are shown within the downtown area Want to golf? Go horseback riding? Come to the historic Centro, where it is mapped but doesn't exist The most funny in accuracy is the pyramid supposedly a few blocks from my rental house  Next problem, related to this is the 'Near Me' function First, the app couldn't find me Instead, it thought I was in a town two hours away and showed me attractions for that town When I dragged the map to the town I am in there was more of the map craziness, but even worse The few locations that were accurately mapped now shifted to within a block or two from my house  Lastly, the new version is less functional than the previous version And it's a lot less functional than the website  Bottom line is that I am deleting until at least the map issues get fixed I am definitely unhappy with this version
282	Most of the hotel reviews, especially from poor hotels, are fake and most likely posted by employees Notice how after a negative review is posted, it is invariably followed by several glowing reviews And because TripAdvisor is paid by the hotels listed on this site they will remove negative reviews if pressured by the hotel
283	I love this app It helps me a lot when I'm on the trip but one thing that makes me mad that when I click to see the photos It's only show 1 pic and I got stuck I have to delete the app and redownload it again ??????
285	Unable to save forum posts that are the most useful suggestions when out on a trip No Saved Trips that you personally put together to assist you when out &amp about with your mobile What good is that? Not many will find a wifi and open their laptop
287	Then you have to go back to search, and zoom in from a global view Buggy
288	Lag! Very Laaagggg! Please fix it!
296	Failed to upgrade I couldn't upgrade to the new version, had to delete the app, now I can't install it again
301	Error report Not ok
308	New updates force close Please fix This new update causes the app to stop all the time and it's irritating Please fix and I'll go back to five stars
309	Update issues! As soon as this was updated it will no longer give me accurate search results! Please fix pinterest!
310	Great app Occasionally freezes or has errors loading & pinning  I have also had issues refreshing feed at timesbut otherwise great app
311	Confusing If you have never used Pintrest it is confusing Now they have a new mapping thing that you have to say if you want to use every pin Also pops up for you to rate it at every log in so save yourself the annoyance and rate it right away
315	Keeps telling me to reset my password,because it is in safe mode,but will not send me the email to do so!
317	I'm loving it  Mind you it does keep freezing up
319	Bots? I would rate it higher i love the app but it says there are bots on my network and i cannot fix it
322	Why run at startup?? Asking for unnecessary permissions Also I do not want the app to run at startup! I would rather uninstall this
327	Fck Fix this cause always error
329	Please fix this Idk it uninstalls in my phone automatically And I ha e to download it again n again
332	I have a factory refurbished older iPad and it cannot run IOS 7  Can't you make a 'legacy' Dropbox app available for those of us that don't have brand new equipment?
333	Older versions of this app used to allow me to preview word, excel and pdf documents While the preview pane is still there the app just tells me the file name and size and does NOT display the content Completely useless
346	It's way too slow!! Loved this app Then I updated and its like a flipping sloth Ugh!! FIX PLEASE!!
247	Love this game. But since the update it crashes every time I sink my first battle since update. I'm on the galaxy note 2. Please fix and I'll go back to 5 stars
773	The best I game ever!
1557	Couldn't be better really, with options to copy results and also send via text/email..  would like to see an option for viewing results full-screen, sometimes the end gets cut off.. but it still copies/pastes all of it so it's cool ;)
1503	Bring back the accuracy on lending card 'line availability' knowing if, when and how much ur over ur limit is very beneficial when u run every single thru on AMEX!! It's not been working for at least 7-10days now.
538	Coooooooolllllllllllllllll Einfach Spa haben Coooooooolllllllllllllllll
1782	It's great for my brother because he's only four so when Disney comes on I can play this for him so he's not bord.
424	Useful Apps Okay
1225	Very practical, easy, and for all music lovers.
792	... Best app ever!
262	Well.. I think its pricy  . Now complicated
1713	I have only started using this app after having it on my device for over 3 weeks. I was influenced to use it when a saw a colleague use hers with glee. The idea that actual people are entering the data (mechanical turk?) gives me hope that the cards will be captured correctly. Time will tell. The first capture  of my cards look great.
1344	Love this site it nails every question I have ever asked.very helpful and resourceful.once I found i could download this app for my phone it made it so much more convienant for us.my family goes by it and we love it!
120	Lame Screen goes black when focusing. Lag. Long initialization. Please fix some.
1174	I have been a P90X client for some time now and love the workout!  With the P90X app I now have the option of taking my workout to the gym or with me when I travel. Plus the nutrition journal makes it easier for me to keep track of what I eat during the day. For me it is a great app! Glad I purchased this app!
860	This app is a fixture in my college studies. Good Reader technology turbo charges my research and puts me ahead of the pack. I couple it with Instapaper, papers, and an air printer app or two and the power is in my hands (and pocket).
1481	Always a big help, love your video of the venese beach wax king selection
409	Very slow Call isn't connect sometime, then we want to do switch off
728	Good Love it :-)
937	This a great tool for a rapid lab consultation.
1220	Epic..FAILLLL
713	Very nice Software. Works great to meet two hearts
1774	Awesome & convenient
1580	Pretty average although its hard for me to manage with it cause it's kinda difficult
852	I can't find how to buy add ons. Plz help other wise great game
513	Does exactly what it says on the tin Effecient enough to check and respond to my emails
1636	It was ok.
248	Good app I really like the functionality and flexibility this app offers.
1501	Great UI that aggregates so much information into one place, great app! Super intuitive to use.
966	Great app. even for smaller regional airports.
1239	Great app
207	Idk Why does it FOREVER to download!?! I have a galaxy 3 mini and its so long :'( Like i downloaded it cuz its says download over wifi and i accepted it and it was still downloading for two !@#$ing hrs!!!!!
202	Awkward menus I bought this app. ..quickly attempted to do my most common types of formatting, and found it very slowly and fiddly on my note 2.  Much better on the BlackBerry.  So, as quickly as I could, I attempt to un install and get a refund, can't!!! So am I stuck?
298	Decent but resolution too low I like the options and customization available but it can't take pictures at my Note 3's native resolution.
320	Passt Naja
678	No holes Great app.
530	Good
1676	The is a great app for someone on the go that needs to know what is going on w/ the delays. This app has helped me be in time to a few interviews.
474	Works fine and fun Everything's good now only problem is, is like mentioned on by another commentor is the it crashes when u scroll through ship selection other then that little problem it's fun to play good job ubi and it also says theres a Google play edition ship but I cant find it.
237	Ok
755	Gs4 Love it great new puzzles
648	Great game Nice graphics and runs smooth on HTC One
1752	Fun way to get back in touch with classmates in a time-capsule way!
46	can't even download I purchased this game but it wont even download to my device
659	Mojukg Mouse monster Maxwell man of the sea! !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 2
527	Best of what's available I've purchased a few of these word emulator apps and Office Suite is the best. It's very easy to edit with the toolbars. I would give it a five but there are some word spacing issues and I've lost edits occasionally when saving to Dropbox
1039	I was very pleased with this app.  The graphics are excellent and the interface is very easy to use and navigate through.  The quiz options and video are a great bonus feature.  I am really satisfied (especially for the price) and look forward to trying out the other systems' software.  Nice Work!
1134	Probably a great app for 4 and up. I've used it with several 2 year olds and it's amazing how quickly they catch onto the spelling part. However they are confused by the plane when they can't move it. The tilting the iPad this is not natural for them and the fact that if you're not directly on the plane when you try to trace the letters really throws them off.. If only there was a way to play this on easy mode it would be perfect for younger kids to learn their ABCs. Then activate the tilt functions when they are older or master the easy parts.
898	I have sold and bought many things using Craigslist.
803	This game is really fun and a great way to learn facts, geography, capitals, landmarks and locations of all of the great states in the United States! My nephews are into strategically placing the stacks. Super learning fun!
1684	Great App :3
414	Probm on Grand My Grand often hang while playing this game
1038	I actually believe this app is totally awesome in helping me prepare for my boards. However, just as the muscle name is given in audio; I wish there was an option hearing all the muscles info in audio. For me, retaining info comes better in audio, activities, and constant quizzing.
564	Excellent app Love the features and so easy to use.
1117	Great app
1641	Easy to use....love French...using French stations to improve my French. It's working!!!  Merci, merci!!!
1086	Join my communities SUMMERPM and DRIVENOVERBOARD please. Oh and this app is good -ADs tho
341	Ok Love the game but after update its at 0mb/0mb and not loading im ysing the Samsung galaxy s4 active
1101	Told me I was 31 when in 13 very sad app lowers self asteem lol don't get this app it is misleading and very inaccurate do not waste ur time
775	Perfekt Hervorragend
1479	Great app, huge selection of titles, and great free section with plenty of releases semi-monthly/monthly. Only problem is the viewer occaisonally hangs up but not often and restarting the app usually remedies this. Overall, one of the best apps in the entire app store.
1109	If the stars could higher I would rate them as so. Want to be an orthopedic surgeon and this is the best app I've ever came across for learning the skeletal system!!! I would recommend it to anyone from a surgical trainee to a high school A&P student! The best, can't say it enough!
1040	The best app for finding quality apps.
581	Ganz gut Wird  auf die Dauer sau langweilig weil es immer des gleiche ist ...
1311	Best
290	Nice Its useful
189	Glitchy Would never load my new emails. Switched back to native email client on my Note II.
862	Yes
1373	As an author, I definitely nee something like this on the go. It's nice not having to wait until I get home to type the next chapter of my book, and I don't have to carry around my binder full of notebook paper. This is amazing ad extremely convenient!!
589	Ma
636	Best Printing App Ever!
1037	Good basic muscle app, worth the $
672	Fun
793	Fun and engaging So far the game has run smoothly, been enaging and fun. Its easy enough I don't get annoyed and hard enough I don't get bored. Will update after some time of playing.
1305	Cant go wrong
437	Awesome high five EA :) Its working fine with my Xperia SL Awesome graphics and physics Keep rocking
1657	Makes finding hard-to-find deals easy
519	Nice Gameplay takes head to head with desktop/gaming devices version
1583	Liked the idea. Implementation was horrible though. Can't read the dang books. What's the point to this app if I can't zoom in on the text to actually see it. With even the best vision no one can read the books on here!! Why would you even think of creating this app of it doesn't work properly?? I'm incredibly disappointed in you Google.
1167	Great app.
181	Hmmm Messages I receive on my app don't show on the laptop version of Skype and vice versa.
385	Not worth installing My HTC does most of this in settings.
130	. Is still laging.
1726	Love it!
1452	Easy to use to manage my account.
610	Nice V gud
974	It's easy to use. Keeps the battery conditioned for sure.
1404	Loved it!
657	Good Good
567	OK a bit slow
99	Terrible It took forever to download
923	VERY WELL
1188	Great app  Really love and use almost daily. Would have given 5 stars except for label limitations.
661	Osum Evan
626	Excellent app Does everything I would expect in a mail app
690	Smooth and well
1240	This is a very useful tool when posting animal that I have up for adoption!
1056	"When I was a second grader,I kept loosing on the game ""Bingo"".When I play it,I'm a winner.Thank yyy-yyy-??"
1057	Holds interest well.
1643	Great App!!!
666	Best app ever It's a really cool app I can do things that I all ways wanted
1347	We use open table all the time!  Love this app!!!
1715	Good
187	A si ma digama Oora flora
291	Superb app Easy to use , truly indispensable to xda forum user's    Get it now!
643	Office suite pro Works great
1210	Perfect for storing all the crazy pics you have.
1092	Love this app because it helps me keep my finances in order. Easy to use!
621	Best game I've played on Android
1815	I've been using Evernote since 2005 when I was in college It's a wonderful service and up until the iOS7 redesign the apps have always worked great   But the design of this app is terrible  It's jumbled, confusing and lots of advertising for their service add ons and 'news' get in the way of core functionality   Please redesign the app  Again
1327	Love it
945	I'm ten and this stuff does not scare my and I'm  10 YEARS OLD!!!!
550	Gut Es ist gut
1681	I love keek
1820	I love using Evernote for its simplicity, ease of use and effectiveness I use this tool for work and personal purposes Mainly for taking notes at work meetings, eliminating the paper clutter (both work and personal) I really like its integration with other SaaS tools Recently switched my wife to Evernote for storing scanned documents
1814	When I put things into my dropbox folder on my desktop, I can find files by date modified, by name, etc  The app has an incomprehensible and un-modifyable sorting function  It's almost impossible to find files within the app  Once you find them on your phone, I believe you can 'favorite' them  But the challenge is to find them
1450	Excellent and very convenience for me, using my iPhone.
1348	This app is the best, so helpful
1118	I use skritter for learning Japanese and it's an application that requires flash, however I mainly study on my iPhone and probably wouldn't keep up with the SRS if I was only able to access the program on my computer. Thanks to splashtop, now I can practice on the go. (that sounds like a infomercial lol)
972	Best app in the entire world
1803	Very user friendly Easy to use and easy to be directed Wished for a better gps function
1322	For simple transfers and just checking up on your account, this app is golden. For anything else, I cannot say either way.
1444	They should add the photo editting option.Then this app would be perfect.
766	Excellent From the developers of the best file manager for android. Works like a charm on my S4, Droid Razr and Note II.
1146	Like the visuals of this app a lot, like how it updates weather as to where you are :)
61	Sucks Forces close when trying to post on instagram
1120	Must have
33	My account has been debited for 2.99 though it said its up on sale for 0.99 :(
1492	"Helps with the hard to find SoNGs..."""
554	Pretty good! I've edited many photos using this application already. Something to probably address is the photo not always saving what you're looking at in the preview. The beautify tool is a good example of this, as it may look fine in preview, but when you save it, you don't exactly get the same quality. Sometimes it turns out a little pixalated, but overall a remarkable app! I use this in conjunction with other apps.
1113	This is a short Halloween story. There are several puzzles and a simple story showing Mickey who is later joined by friends. My 2 1/2 year old will probably like it, but the 4 year old will be bored quickly. For one dollar this is ok.
584	Good App.. Love It....
953	It's just getting better and better. The signature capture is a huge time saver. Ever wonder how to put your contact info from their email into your Contacts, just copy their signature into this app, it will separate into different fields and put them in your iPhone Contacts. How great!
295	Mr.? Are u spying us?
179	Good tools, good organization, multiple bugs On an Asus MeMO pad this suite was a good looking deal when it was $.99 at Christmas. Since started using it for homework while I'm sitting out away from my pc. It's so buggy I can't use it. It insists I type in some other section of my document and moves the cursor randomly to another portion of the document while deleting text. Don't pay for this if you have an Asus MeMO tablet.
1102	Cooooool app ??????
521	Good but Was running perfectly before the update,task killer no working Displays no tasks
984	This is a great app ...
599	Ganz gut..aber.. Gefllt mir super. Nur die Werbung nervt -.- ist aber ja ntig..
1590	Great weather, eazy to understand.
1265	it needs to be more like the pokedex from the show
1420	a competitor to square but backed by a larger more established company so i trust them a bit more
1458	Still old school and use a map and compass. I do like to use this app when I have gone hiking in the mountains.  So far it has done what I wanted and finding more applications with the app that I like.
1408	Easy to use. I wished it was able to determine what hole you were on.
526	Nice app Nice application. Keeps boredom away
558	Excellent Excellent
868	Great app, just what I needed. Thank you
249	Keeps auto-deleting every 3 days This app is quite nice but ever since the last update it keeps auto deleting. I have re-installed it thrice including today. That is just wrong!
1180	It's as accurate as any weather forecaster who gets paid good money for often being 100% wrong. So far this app has been close enough to allow me to dress appropriately so who cares about too much scientific input. I just don't want to be carrying an umbrella when the sun is shining.
854	Thanks Flight tracker, just missed flight because flight tracker gave me Completely incorrect flight delay information!
1255	Hi, folder
789	Great app love it Can't get any better
674	Geil
400	Not safe brouse
996	One of my favorite outdoor aps!
355	Getting better
578	I like it
52	Load of crap DOES NOT WORK I WANT MY MONEY BACK BIGGEST JOKE EVER
1573	Addicting!
266	Good Good
1335	Very detailed gps even tracks laps at my local park
401	Helo Its very slow  .
1813	How to add voice memo from the iPhone?!
345	It's cool with me
1436	I've never had a problem with this app. It works fine and I haven't had it glitch or freeze on me. I really like it. I do wish i could search more recipes from the app. I've been having to go to the website to get more recipes, which isn't a problem, but it also isn't as convenient as accessing them from the app.
1016	Helps so much with meal planning and grocery shopping.  Cuts time off of both those activities.
1717	Serves purpose so far.
956	I love this app it makes my day when I need a good laugh
987	I don't like the update with all the slingshot gadgets
263	Galaxy s4 and nexus 7 Excellent game, works beautifully on my s4 but tried to play on my nexus 7 and you can't see anything, just shadows, please fix this bug on the nexus 7 , will give 5* once fixed
494	Good app! Useful for my needs.
1224	I love this app!  Music on top of music ?
720	Good Outstanding
839	I keep tabs on my brother's flight info,  as he travels for work quite a bit. I'm a worrier by nature, so it's wonderful to be able to see the progress of his flights. I've always been able to pull them up easily & they've always been accurate. Great job!
1816	This app makeup so easy to take great notes and I really like being able to record audio of someone speaking wile I'm typing notes!
371	Okay This game is great. Can't what for the new one
102	Hk$7.7 only So cheap!!!!
404	Good Very good
1696	great items. Fast, easy ordering. Love fab.
1623	Somehow I lost my contacts. This app got everything back for me
239	Good Like
265	Pankaj Nice...
749	Spitze Das Spiel ist super!!!
1554	"Got my blood test results 2 days after my blood was drawn from my doc. 7 days later this app still says my results are ""in progress"". Not at all a food app for getting something so medically important. Always trust a phone call to an app .... They need to upload the results quicker or not have an app! Sucky !!"
1638	Very surprised that is so much useful.
361	Simply good
1171	This is cool app I've used before.. but no search function.. ^^;;   I need it much..
1147	This ap really is handy and fun.
1619	"Takes the translation rather literally. Most languages other than English don't say ""what's your name"". If they could add a common phrase translator function then it would be just that much more accurate"
1584	This app is one of the most useful apps I have!  The flexibility to insert and organize decks, the syncing with other devices, and the ability to dictate in notes is awesome!!!
1737	I love this app c: now I can take a pic of myself without having to hold it like always -.- <3
532	hallow no beep
1526	Needs the ability to see two devices at the same time on the same map, without having to switch back and forth. Also, would like to have the ability to preload certain maps. Takes too long sometimes to load maps over cell signal. Preloaded maps would eliminate that problem.
1695	App is a pain to use because requires u to enter password each time after a brief inactivity period.  Unless u setup password protect on your phone, u can't get the app to save your password like other apps work.
445	Hi Cool
1263	"Excellent addition to the Angry Birds games. Great new features, challenges and visuals. If you are an Angry Birds fan, this is definitely worth it. The new ""orbit"" launching is very neat and a nice, innovative twist on the game. It's definitely harder... At least in my opinion, which is a good thing. Get it."
53	Seren
1711	Great
1058	This application has been a lifesaver! It actually remotely sinks with both my IPhone and IPad . I love it!
8	FRAUD I PURCHASED THIS GAME BUT ITS NOT SUPPORTING MY CELL S3 I WASTED MY MONEY ON THIS PLEASE HELP HOW TO REFUND MY MONEY
184	a a
1215	I wanted to join a chat not make 1
167	Don't have SD card! Trying to force me to move to SD Card.... No SD card on Nexus!
618	Great Awesome app !
997	Worth every penny I spent.
511	Good Good.. but does this app only works when theres internet connetion?
1045	What a great help on our trip!!!  It helped us maximize our time in the parks!!!  A must have
93	Unclassified Always I don't get connected even though I have enough net band width.... unable to to line call
272	Note 3 online not working Couple of weeks ago im able to play in online and now it says cant connect check ur network, but i have highspeed internet
1746	It is Very Annoying that it won't change to horizontal view on my iPad. I use an attachable keyboard which requires horizontal layouts. Why doesn't this app switch like the REST of them?
1464	Great way to save!  Thank u
28	My gallery app does better than this Trash
1804	Great application One of the great application for chat Please just increase the upload limit That will be very useful
1401	Thanks for the thought & effort that went into creating this app.  Very handy for those of us that love the outdoors & natures transitions.
1294	Awesome game
1783	??
1048	After promise of update, all that was added was a few more so-so photos with annoying ADS.  I don't know why developers cannot be upfront about ads in stead of being so sneaky.  Get houzz which is million times better and more and ad free.
1718	No iPad Layout, No Landscape View, FAIL!  Update with iPad features, and my rating will go up!
889	Apparently I am not allowed to have my own values so this app has decided what I can and can't see. Unlike the rest if this country - I don't need anyone   to hold my hand and tell me what to do. Bring back the personals section you Idiots! I used to love this app for business and a good laugh, now I don't think I will use it much at all. Very disappointed with this update!!!!
1001	Love it!
203	Leute Das spiel ist ein bisschen fail
767	I love this app. Use it all the time.
582	Good Best
873	Doodle jump is sick. I love it! He's so freaking cute!
1460	Very good!
615	I love it Its complete no need to look any further. So far I can do everything I can think of with my photos.
882	Excellent
502	Startup fixed, not bad. Seems like they fixed the startup issue.
122	Nice
751	Samsung galaxy tab 2 Nice app.
349	Good Its nice
1153	But wish it had better ability to copy WODs if you do it more than once.  Update: this app has come a long way and is really awesome now!! Love it!!
534	Nice antivirus One of great antivirus
1654	Oovoo is so amazing I love it
1384	By the end of the story, I wanted to meet the reader! Why a great app!
772	Great app This app work greatly with my samsung galaxy trend! I ? this app!!
1607	Accurate
1152	Great way to keep up on your crossfit progress.
1041	Excellent app, integrates well with Google Reader. A must-have app on all of my iDevices.
523	So far no in app purchases!
1761	Good
253	It's a handy app For GMX users. Can be a lot more prettier, perhaps like gmail? Or is it too much to ask ;-)  Edited on 10/8/2013: extremely poor app. Too buggy. Shocking, especially coming from Germans. Have so much respect for German engineering!
1634	This is the best weather app ever! Great job, it totally outclasses other weather apps.
745	Ok Good game
1594	Great and useful app. I have nothing bad at all to say about it. It helps me find the best deals on gas around the city with little to no glitches. Does what it's supposed to. 5 stars!
641	I love it I use this for all of my pictures
1600	Fort lauderdale. Il Lugano is making us feel like royalty!  Friendly, and bending over backward to relax us at the end of a long travel day.  Great app with great hotels!
1812	I can't share folders!  That was the only reason I made a Dropbox in the first place  Ugh
545	Cute I love it <3
1762	Hi
55	krieg das Game net auf Ich krieg es net auf.. ich kann es net spielen.. was ich sehe ist nur der black screen.. bitte hilft mir danke
949	good app, but to make it a great app, video would be a great feature. A must need is to make the timer continuous. After the 5 sec. countdown it would be great for it to restart automatically for continuous self shots. Please add that.
892	Awsome
1437	I also like WW Kitchen and often add my own recipes. It would be great if the two apps were integrated so if I added a recipe in WW Kitchen, I could pull it up in WW Mobile.
1798	I love pasting notes to ever note I paste my passwords I paste copies of receipts and anything that I need to locate later and I can easily find it in one location the search option is very handy as well I WISH THE INSTRUCTIONS WERE CLEARER
1397	I love this app! Works like a charm on my iPhone 4s!
1398	Helps me lots when I'm on the road a spending nights away from home. Helps me get/stay sleeping.
1	Manual controls are horrible I cant be using tilt all the time.. this game is partly useless for me, feel like I wasted a dollar... No fun without manual control. Touching edge of the screen, to steer is what I use, like asphalt 8.
2	No help function. Wtf?? No idea how it works.  Just kept blowing myself up.
4	What? Virus detected after i update?? Need to uninstall..
6	Paid app  and still needs to pay more? Really?
9	good game but... I paid for it and not only do you now charge for all the extras, but you serve me ads too!
10	Can't read exel file correctly After updated yesterday. I can't read the exel file correct as original. Please help.
11	Can't get a response from Developers The game itself isn't bad. If anything,  a bit monotonous.  However,  the manual is less than desirable,  specifically when speaking about how to feed cows. I figured out meadows on my own, but cant make straw bales for the life of me. And, this is apparently hkw to create manure flr fertilizer. I have emailed the developers, amd received no response. VERY FRUSTRATING! You spend money in the game for equipment that you can't use.
12	Utter waste and complete crap The graphics aren't working I had to pay for it twice and reinstall but the third time only one car was in colour please fix... I thought it would be as good as rr3
13	Its so slow Its so slow man.
14	really needs ta fix this app it's acting fofo tired of uninstalling thus gay app
15	It does't work. It is asking me for a wi-fi or 3g connection... Not recommended. I'll ask for a refund! Not working!!!
16	Sequel only on ios? So the developer released the ios sequel before android when there are far more android users, are you stupid?
17	Not working properly .wont download emails to inbox
19	>:( The app closes everytime i take a picture >:(
21	less then 1 star Downloaded and not been able to play yet as keeps crashing and closing
22	Very bad
23	Trash-Game Das ist der letzte Mll. Voll scheie zu steuern ! Nicht runterladen !!!
25	Nexus 4 The game do not have any audio, please fix it!!!
26	Can't open Won't open on my note 3 and I can't refund it...wtf
27	Waste of money Not downloading
29	Pathetic
30	It sucks When I press ? nothing happens plus I can't even share the videos I make
31	Galaxy Note2 This paid app Sucks there is NO PM option like on the free app
32	Buggy app broke by update Another paid app fail.  Edit: back to 1 star again! Now crashes everytime a battles won.
34	Pretty wired Sometimes on 1st opening it flashes green colour and i need to close it and open again. 5 stars if yuo fix this.
35	"Ruined by DRM I tried to play it, but all I get is, 'Can't Access License Server"" - really?  DRM is destroying games on my mobile devices too??"
38	Poor image quality App looks nice, easy to use, but image quality is realy poor.
39	Why doesn't the music work Upsetting to have a clip made but NO music... Tried it for my business and this Is actually very disappointing.
40	High hopes shot down... Been looking for an open office port for Android for quite a while and thought I hit the jackpot with this one unfortunately way too clunky and no way up to optimized for tablets will keep looking
41	Won't install. Got a Nexus 4 with loads of free space but installer says it has 0 MB available.
42	No work - Galaxy Note 8.0 I'sorry.
43	Made phone slower Better apps for this kind of stuff out there. UNINSTALLED!
44	Crap No way of signing out. No privacy if any1gets there hands on your fone. Very poor!
45	Could be good Doesn't load.... Moto  electrify m.... Fix and I will give a better review
47	Keeps Crashing! Installed, on the loading page and it crashes! Tried re-installing, shutting down my phone still the same. Please fix this and I'll give a 5 star rating.
48	This game sucks
49	Doesn't work I am very unsatisfied as i have bought this on a samsung galaxy s1 and loads on to the screen with the grass rolling out then crashes if you have a galaxy s1 do not buy this game as other galaxy s1 users have had problems with it
50	Slow.Buggy It takes more than a minute to open a file which is opened within 10 seconds in polaris office-Tab 2-3100. Needs speed improvement. Edit: It shows only a blank white screen when we try to open some .doc files!!OMG Developers! I hope you have tested the file which I have sent to you.
51	Gettin stuck most of the times I also wasted my 3 quid I think its shame on the N.F.S game designers deciving people like this.. we dont expect these from them.
54	Bad!!! When i want take a picture, the picture from my camera phone is not shown, just blank.. plis fix it. My phone is samsung galaxy young s5360
56	Pile of sh!t worst app ever!
57	Good but wth Its a good camera and everything but it used 1.00gb of my data last month. What the heck is that? What is this sending out?
58	Lame Just stick to Auto Awesome on Google+.
59	Not gooood at all >_< I don't like at all u can download only one pic & i want to download albums or videos tooo that's sucks >_< >_<
60	Update The app refused to update but others would. Had to uninstall.
62	summer ok
63	Mb Viel zu viel mb da kan man ja gleich mcpe runterladen und es hatt noch weniger speicher
64	Hate it it ses that I can't play because I have an error
65	Does not property work on the 2013  Nexus 7
66	Not working. I have a wifi printer and when I try to print from my droid RAZR Max HD it says need to download update.. then when I try to download update, it says Update cannont be completed. Error. Fix and I'll change my rating. Or advise me what to do.
67	Worst app, dont install it,its full of spam
68	Won't launch on my Galaxy S4 All I get is a black screen.
70	No more Chathead Popups? Gees that's the only reason why I installed this app and now it's gone :| bye messeger :(  I don't like the Facebook app either, just another app that eats ram... --&gt;Browsers, all in one
71	Seriously needed permissions?? I think not!! Why in the world would I give anyone or application the right to make phone calls through my phone, edit my text messages and send them, take video and pictures?? This is sadly getting worse with each update and this is supposed to be a security program??? I was pleased at first with this app but have no respect for it or the idiots coming up with these updates. This needs to stop!!! Next you will need to access my credit report. Here's an idea, DELETED!!!!!!
72	Terrible
73	Sony xperia sp Sony xperia sp native resolution not supported
74	Problem while activating Iv been using viber since a long tym nd it has never dissapointed me but I just deactivated my account for a day nd den I try to activate...I dont get my code by txt nd neither do I get a call...im trying again n again please fix the problem
75	Pay version still spamming I bought the paid version and I can still see promotions in the dashboard.  Remove it!  Edit: Developers asked me to disable promotions.  I did so, there seems to be an option to autocheck new promotions .  However,  this only disables the updating. The annoying ad-bar is still visible on the dashboard displaying a generic promotion of their products.
76	Upside down HTC one. Yes upside down
77	Cak
78	Doesn't work A poor app unfortunately. It started loading pictures then took me back to homescreen with no video or upload.
79	Does not work Spent 15 bucks on software that will not install! Contacted company - no reply how to fix and no refund! Have for iPad and iPhone works there - forget it on android - they can't be bothered to respond so don't waste your money.
80	Not happy I downloaded this app because I have the first one and I loved it but this one will not even load on my phone all I get is a black screen and music plz fix
81	Unauthorized Upon opening I was prompted for an update. After that finally finished I started it up and got a message saying the app is unauthorized on my device. It took so long to update I couldn't refund. I'm not sure if it's claiming I've stolen it or something, but its pretty unacceptable for a legit purchase that was made avaliable for my model. Then I noticed its now EA and not popcap, so I guess that explains why I was cheated out of money.
82	Purushottam Gupta
83	Good Good
84	Fix it What has happen to the weekly levels
85	Rubbish
86	Game keeps crahing on me please fix.
87	Can I go back to older version? Loved the app, was quick and always connected until the last update.  Have tried every suggestion.  When I first open it, nothing happens, it just sits at an empty screen.  Have to close and reopen several times and it is so slow to connect now.  Hope it improves.  To be fair, I am having same is with lastest tappatalk upgrade also.  Galaxy Note
88	Not good Very basic editor with in app purchases
89	bugs bugs bugs lots of bug i cannot login anymore...my device lag when trying to open the app...fix this sucks!!!
90	LG Spirit many bugs sometimes it wont shoot a picture and i have to reopen app, orientation when I rotate phone works about 20% of the time, touch to focus is terrible, focus in general is terrible no matter what setting and other things as well. HD CAMERA PRO takes MUCH better pictures and its free. Quit adding so many features...who cares what frame i put on a blurry picture?
91	Crashes since update Crashes whenever I go to the purchase coins section. Purchased coins but they dont show...
92	Awsis Very nice app
94	I
95	Camera DOOM FX Pictures will not save to external SD card.  In fact they are saving to a temporary folder and are not even showing up in the gallery. Emailed Dev replied dealing with it, have heard nothing since.
96	BAD The app did not open
97	Buleh kigho Tok jadi apo
98	Unusable Unusable. Whem trying to find the right forum it takes forever to scroll down!
100	Bad App This app is dumb because it really don't do nothing
101	I have already paid I paid for the game now they want more money for the whole experience.
103	Burn in hell EA! Everything you touch turns to offal. You are the epitome of human greed.
104	Crash Hope u like sending error    reports
106	Hang all the time
107	Lousy This print tool is not worth your money!:-(
108	In game purchase not working Games shuts down when I first tried buying or when tying to restore the purchase. I will change my rating when you fix this.... I gave you my money, the last you can do is have a fully functioning app!!
109	Multiplayer cant join Cant join games, just keeps searching. I tried custom join and says error can't join
110	Kann nicht spielen Wenn ich spielen will muss ich etwas kaufen hab aber zu wenig Geld:-(
112	Not free
114	Bad I got this and it willnot install on my cell and now if willnot refund me very uncool ...
116	Slow
117	Bummer :/ Seen a friend post a video on Facebook then I downloaded the ap.. all I can do is select photos and it won't let me continue after I have chosen which ones I'd like to use.. :( it keeps telling me there's an error
118	Sgt teruk Kerap sgt nak d kemas kini
119	Server error In Belgium I bought on PlayStore and says need extra 160 MB to download, but always get server error 5002.  Thanks for taking my money!
121	Very upset with this Downloaded this tonight. Cant open app. Keeps coming up, unable to contact server license. I paid 2.99 for this, can you help me fix this or refund me? Please dont delete my comment again and answer
123	Poor in comparison with Yahoo! and Outlook Poor
124	Galax s4 Can't search for friends online
125	Too lag Too many ads..make my hp lag
126	Kake Das ladet garnicht mehr -.-
127	Doesnt work Teamspeaks preloaded channel works, but app crashes upon connecting to any other server. Too bad, could've been useful.
128	Doesnt work Teamspeaks preloaded channel works, but app crashes upon connecting to any other server. Too bad, could've been useful.
129	SO DUMB. I paid for this game. Tried to download it and it won't let me...I also can't get a refund! FIX THIS!!
131	update kept crashing What was a barely usable programme to begin with, kept crashing after I updated. So I have now Uninstalled it.
132	Sche.... Werbung Nervt nur
133	Didn't work Ive been trying to download this game for a week and it will not load at all disappointed because it looks like a great game
134	Poor Don't care for it
135	ACHTUNG Suchtgefahr Fr Zwischen drin gut ich fnde ein paar neue spiele super!!
137	Still work to do please change it......... Not impressed needs a lot of work ........
138	Badd The New Updated One Sucks . It Dosent Even Save THE picturess.
139	Shocking Played this on a iPad and it was quality. Download it on my Xperia z tablet and the game is upside down. It is impossible to play and gone past the refund stage, no worth risking losing 2.99 in my opinion
140	Terry Slow printing pictures
141	Alsoooooo pou Pou is geil wenn ihr mal tic tac pou zocken wollt gebt poufrendo ein!!!!  PS.Geiles game
142	Discrasefull They make us uninstall just to charge us 1.99 when you can download or free I would of never used it again but my online job is through teamspeak and I'm always on the move ducking bankers honestly
