id	comment
84	Can't open the apps Whenever I open the apps it shut down after few seconds. I tried uninstall and reinstall, and its the same. It was ok before the last update.
207	App runs too slow!!!
166	This is a great app. I've used ODB on my iPod Touch and then my iPhone before I got an iPad 2. Each version is more refined. I like the way that the app remembers my choice of Bible version (currently 'The Message') when I tap on the Scripture for the day. This isn't the case with the iPhone app. One always has to change the version from the default.  There are a couple formatting issue suggestions:  1. The poem at the bottom of the page is almost never formatted like the online website. It would be nice if the lines were stacked and not simply strung out in a row. 2. One of the things I've always enjoyed are the cover photos. The cover for the current month shows in the upper righthand corner, but there is no way to enlarge it. One would think that a simple double-tap could bring up the cover art full screen? 3. When traveling I don't always have a wifi link, so having issues cached is nice. In those instances I simply use my Bible app (or print version) to get the Scripture for the day. I don't expect (or want) ODB to cache the Scripture from Biblegateway.com on my device, but it would be nice if there was a way in the app set-up to direct the ODB app to my Olivetree app onboard for the Scripture of the day. May be too difficult for what is already an elegant app.  Keep up the good work!
147	I listen to it a lot. However, it will once in a while disconnect for no apparent reason. When it disconnects, it will repeat previous transmissions. I would like more APD and less Fire and Ambulance. Great app!
185	Easy to use. I wished it was able to determine what hole you were on.
199	I would of given it a 5 if I could pin on Pinterest from it.
69	Developers nd attention here. Aftr processing the quality of the picture gts dampened or turns bad... need to fix ths all
180	I just wish it would notify me if I go below a certain dollar amount
91	Keeps auto-deleting every 3 days This app is quite nice but ever since the last update it keeps auto deleting. I have re-installed it thrice including today. That is just wrong!
251	This is a very useful and helpful app In my opinion, the only thing it's missing is video handling You can add pictures and audio to your notes, and I think you should be able to add videos, too
92	Wont load I have been playin this for few weeks now all of sudden it wont load
15	Slow.Buggy It takes more than a minute to open a file which is opened within 10 seconds in polaris office-Tab 2-3100. Needs speed improvement. Edit: It shows only a blank white screen when we try to open some .doc files!!OMG Developers! I hope you have tested the file which I have sent to you.
31	Crashes since update Crashes whenever I go to the purchase coins section. Purchased coins but they dont show...
278	Dropbox is a great service However, when I use the camera upload option in iOS 7, it only uploads the original photo and not the edited one Otherwise, I'd rate dropbox as 5 stars
163	I have Day One on both my iOS devices, and my Mac. It just works beautifully, seamlessly, and smoothly.  Add simple photo function, and you'll rule the journal app world.   Five star!
50	Seems fun This seems like a fun game but keeps crashing whenever it goes to a new screen. I think it takes to much ram.
90	Love this game. But since the update it crashes every time I sink my first battle since update. I'm on the galaxy note 2. Please fix and I'll go back to 5 stars
54	Problems I signed out and tried to sign back in later and it says i have no pages to manage.
242	Can we get push notifications for other things being shared, besides just folders My bf is a photographer, he often sticks photos in our shared folder - would like a notification when things arrive (I do have them turned on but never get them)
165	This app is awesome and makes recording everything so easy, the only thing I can request is to make it compatible with iPads!
189	I also like WW Kitchen and often add my own recipes. It would be great if the two apps were integrated so if I added a recipe in WW Kitchen, I could pull it up in WW Mobile.
230	If we could create docs inside the app that would be great
51	Not good now game Game freezes don't know why please help can't get out of game
234	It's super easy to copy pictures to clipboard or even save them to your phone, but why can't I download my videos?
18	Sucks Forces close when trying to post on instagram
111	Nice update but still crash sometimes New updates now just fine...but still crashes sometime while playing especially at chapter 5 while fighting man o war on storm weather...force quit to home screen~ hope for the fixes
76	No sound. Google Nexus 7 2013  This is a 5 star game, otherwise. Fix the sound so I can change my rating.
171	Great app for news on demand. No wasted screens to navigate through. Would give it 5th star if there was a button to close the app. Love NPR!
89	Native crash when selecting the new ship Update: they fixed the 0 of 0 issue, but app got native crash when selecting the new ship... Pros: nice graphics, beautiful ocean simulation. Cons: no immersive mode for 4.4 devices, the game is a bit short and game mode/event is too simple, the battle gets a bit boring after a few hours.
10	"Ruined by DRM I tried to play it, but all I get is, 'Can't Access License Server"" - really?  DRM is destroying games on my mobile devices too??"
204	I love these quotes. Only wish the quotes could appear in my notifications area. I'd pay for a full version!
258	Great information is available  Wish maps (locations of newer hotels were updated more)  Also would love to have an individual resort map of all the resorts available to view  Would be great if age of property and renovation dates were included for hotels, too
99	Black screen on nexus 7 When the race starts the screen goes black. Can't see car or the track. Please help.
27	Game keeps crahing on me please fix.
194	Cool tool. Works fast. Smooth. Boring backgrounds. And it would be mice to be able to it the compass rose for a better look. But all in all very nice app. Thanks.
22	Sony xperia sp Sony xperia sp native resolution not supported
98	It would be good if.... It eould be good if the focus wasn't screwed up. Works fine on all the other camera apps except this one.  Focus set as macro acts like its set on auto, set as auto it acts as macro. And forGET it if its on night shot.
85	After the update, this game crashes after any battle. Please fix the problem!
274	Best gr8 Like it nice good job plz add more frame for free pack
93	Needs ART support Game was just updated today and still doesn't support ART runtime. Opens to main screen then force closes. Works fine on dalvik, but it is the only app I have that doesn't work on ART.  Once this problem has been addressed will update review and rating.
172	Simple enough to use and I love the recurring transactions. No more forgetting and figuring out how to balance my checkbook every month. The other reason I got the app is because it can export to Quickbooks although I have not used that feature yet. The reports are great. Would love to be able to have main categories and sub-categories. That's the only thing missing in my opinion to make this a truly robust stand-alone financial management app. Keep up the good work!
286	The app drains your battery cause it uses your gps all the time
208	"Takes the translation rather literally. Most languages other than English don't say ""what's your name"". If they could add a common phrase translator function then it would be just that much more accurate"
155	I have already submitted a review when I first downloaded stating That this App is the best. Well, yesterday it proved itself. I have a health condition and yesterday I had to go to the hospital. I just emailed myself my list, printed it and was able to give it to doctor. Even the Nurses and Doctors were impressed.   There is one thing, however, that I think would make this App even better. Add a COMMENT Area so you can write comments regarding yourself or the medications or whatever.
59	Worked great at first... Worked great with the scheduling feature for a while... Now it says for me to check my connection and that an unexpected error occurred. I tried it on both wifi and 4g. I also tried restarting the phone and uninstalling and reinstalling the program. No help. I have a ZTE Avid.
232	Its amazing The only thing to make it better is to have the ability or export videos to your camara roll
66	Annoyed I would like to log in one time and it stays logged on. Also my camera would not work on here but it works fine with my other apps.... need to fix asap.
282	Very slow uploading, and poor background uploading ( does it really need 3h to upload several megabyte video over 10 Mbit internet ?
141	Overall fantastic.  The UI is a little clunky, and things like tapping in the golf ball icon to measure club distance were a little tough to find. It doesn't look like a button.  Wish I could view the clubs and look at their performance without starting a round.  Statistics could use some work as well. The charts while fairly easy to read seem disjointed.   Needs a better social aspect.
121	Good when it works, but annoying when it plays up Getting fed up of having to uninstall because it doesn't allow you to work on a new picture....
106	Widget problem There are problem in widget after some days widget gone and not show in Widgets bar
269	Hope it had whatsApp to sms though!
1	Can't read exel file correctly After updated yesterday. I can't read the exel file correct as original. Please help.
175	"It needs a few things like some more cheats and another game mode:Zombies or instead just call it ""walking dead syndrome"" superb app, though"
277	Please fix the syncing issues with the iPad app Currently have to re-login to get files to update Allow users to force a sync! Trying to automate it would be good if it worked, but it doesn't
105	"Video call camera Please fix camera for video call on Galaxy Tab 2 7"", receiver see me upside down.."
144	I use this app for completing my required expense report. Stores pics so you can return to them, pics are super clear. I'd only wish for a two per page option as the scans come back a full page. Overall, only $2. Hell of an app.
117	Please fix this I still cant download it..
55	Poor ! Why it doesn't work? I've captured my face then it shown processing but nothing happens and keep returning me to the camera. Please fix it . I'm using galaxy tab 7.0 plus
160	Do you when you go to the sampler and you try to record a song. And then you make a mistake in the song and doesn't sound as good. Can you try to make that update?
202	Great app. Just need a more accessible speaker button.
62	New Update Is Rubbish Its now really laggy and slow when going into the filters,  for manual focus, for turning the flash on and off, I much preferred the old interface - samsung galaxy s3 mini
52	So slow loading at first Buggy new update
5	less then 1 star Downloaded and not been able to play yet as keeps crashing and closing
188	They should add the function to buy Starbucks gift cards via iTunes store. I wonder if they'll add that when iOS6 comes in with passbook?
100	zzzz keeps closing/crashing losing all my work zzzz FIX IT!
20	Not working. I have a wifi printer and when I try to print from my droid RAZR Max HD it says need to download update.. then when I try to download update, it says Update cannont be completed. Error. Fix and I'll change my rating. Or advise me what to do.
212	Great app, only one suggestion, it would be great if it allowed for daily flow values.
215	Great app! Works great with my playlists! Wish it worked with Pandora! Definitely not worth paying for the pay version of C25k because this up to date.
225	Would be nice to have a grid view of photos other than just the auto upload of camera roll Also would be nice to rename files  My last review still not fixed This app doesn't support mobi file uploads Would be nice to save my mobi files
8	Buggy app broke by update Another paid app fail.  Edit: back to 1 star again! Now crashes everytime a battles won.
103	hanging the phone it is hanging the phone so that I must 2 restart>
67	Glitchy Would never load my new emails. Switched back to native email client on my Note II.
229	We should be able to do text documents! (
289	When I put things into my dropbox folder on my desktop, I can find files by date modified, by name, etc  The app has an incomprehensible and un-modifyable sorting function  It's almost impossible to find files within the app  Once you find them on your phone, I believe you can 'favorite' them  But the challenge is to find them
281	I hoped the update would bring back the 'open in' option but it didn't Importing files into other apps is a major pain now Why was this option removed? Please bring it back
44	Didn't work Ive been trying to download this game for a week and it will not load at all disappointed because it looks like a great game
107	It's ok I'd give it a higher rating,  but I have a small problem. My problem is that I've tried to more than once import my bookmarks from Android and it keeps crashing. Please fix. Thanks.
236	Please include the option to view thumbnail larger while viewing in the photo folder
276	Wonderful but Could be better if all tools built-in and not depending upon the network connection
267	awesome bt plz increase the size videos that we send
214	It just needs to play the next song after one ends and it will definetely get the 5 stars
261	Great app - beautiful layout But I wish saved items could be viewed offline!
216	I love iTunes U! Would be awesome to archive courses so they don't show on the bookshelf but can be accessed later.
285	This would easily be a 5 star app Best idea ever  But it loses 2 stars just because I have to download one photo at a time This is a huge inconvenience
24	Pay version still spamming I bought the paid version and I can still see promotions in the dashboard.  Remove it!  Edit: Developers asked me to disable promotions.  I did so, there seems to be an option to autocheck new promotions .  However,  this only disables the updating. The annoying ad-bar is still visible on the dashboard displaying a generic promotion of their products.
135	Bugged The last update caused the game to stop working. It won't even start now. Please fix.  New update still didn't fix anything. :/
25	Doesn't work A poor app unfortunately. It started loading pictures then took me back to homescreen with no video or upload.
235	Beautiful app, but NEEDS the ability share folders For people on the go, we need to be able to email links out to people, sending tons of individual links to people is not feasible
127	Bug The gold mystery sprout does not work. Should be a 100% chance to give me a plant that I don't have. Just getting kinds that I have already.
82	Could be better App freezes time to time and laggy.
46	Shocking Played this on a iPad and it was quality. Download it on my Xperia z tablet and the game is upside down. It is impossible to play and gone past the refund stage, no worth risking losing 2.99 in my opinion
168	Great app! Couple suggestions for the next update though. Add a way to see the degree of angles and also it would be great to actually be able to have two videos side by side to compare.
38	Server error In Belgium I bought on PlayStore and says need extra 160 MB to download, but always get server error 5002.  Thanks for taking my money!
206	Great App!! Useful and easy to use!
153	This is the best video editor ever!!! I also like extras for iMovie but the only thing was that I wished I could cut out things people said that I didn't want. Other than that I love it!!!
238	I've been using Dropbox for quite sometime now, I have earned a fair amount of space, and I love being able to access all my files from my iPhone, iPad, MacBook, and the Internet via anyone else's computer  But these last 2 updates have disabled the save to camera roll feature, which I use all the time and have come across several times since the new update Please please please add this feature back! I know I can just do a screen shot but i prefer the clean cut copy you receive, without boarders from saving images to the camera roll!
193	Love the app. It's accurate and useful. I hope you guys planed for push notification soon.
151	I actually believe this app is totally awesome in helping me prepare for my boards. However, just as the muscle name is given in audio; I wish there was an option hearing all the muscles info in audio. For me, retaining info comes better in audio, activities, and constant quizzing.
96	Note 3 online not working Couple of weeks ago im able to play in online and now it says cant connect check ur network, but i have highspeed internet
203	Couldn't be better really, with options to copy results and also send via text/email..  would like to see an option for viewing results full-screen, sometimes the end gets cut off.. but it still copies/pastes all of it so it's cool ;)
33	Camera DOOM FX Pictures will not save to external SD card.  In fact they are saving to a temporary folder and are not even showing up in the gallery. Emailed Dev replied dealing with it, have heard nothing since.
186	Very nice. Better if map would center on my location automatically when I trim app on.
244	Please add support for animated GIFs!
252	Does almost everything except allowing me to make a quick diagram by hand  But it does allow me to take a pic, and record voice, so that helps
239	I love this app but I do wish I could highlight words in PDFs and create bookmarks Would this be possible at some piont?
222	One feature they should add is being able to import multiple photos to camera roll, then it be better
58	Very fun game yet buggy Absolutely no sound in game and several game crashing bugs through story mode
133	Galaxy S4 GPE I have a galaxy s4 google play edition and can't save to the external sd card.  Otherwise great app.  You can choose the external sd as your save location but it won't save to it.
257	Very user friendly Easy to use and easy to be directed Wished for a better gps function
263	They need to show B&ampB , small inns
228	Thank's for app,but can you add offline mod?for exmple i want save one video in my iphone,and after that play it with VLC
173	it needs to be more like the pokedex from the show
213	It needs improvement
137	Better than snooth or drync by far.  Update:  Would like to be able to move wines into different locations without drinking and then re-adding them on the application.
115	Cannot get my code! I can't get my code even I send my phone number already. Please fix it!
181	Great app!!! Helps me organize  The only suggestion I would have to to add a tab under HOMEWORK to organize by what date my assignments r due..   Otherwise it's an AMAZING APP!
200	Needs the ability to see two devices at the same time on the same map, without having to switch back and forth. Also, would like to have the ability to preload certain maps. Takes too long sometimes to load maps over cell signal. Preloaded maps would eliminate that problem.
146	Well, I am not experiencing the issues with slowness that others have complained about. For me, it loads at an acceptable speed.  It definitely beats the hell out of foodnetwork.com's haphazard, cumbersome list.   I do agree that it could benefit from the addition of reviews. It would also be awesome to be able to see a segment of the show featuring each eatery, though I suspect that would require Food Network to be much more involved.
131	Good but Was running perfectly before the update,task killer no working Displays no tasks
293	It is impossible to refine a hotel search for specific criteria beyond location, price and quality Those are well done and quality reviews and coverage are the reasons we use TA Especially during peak seasonal flows, many of us travel with pets We have a terrible time finding clean, reliable hotels Most sites for pet travel are woefully inadequate How hard would it be to include this as an additional search filter? That would bring in helpful reviews that would not only enhance the site experience but also improve the field
158	Probably a great app for 4 and up. I've used it with several 2 year olds and it's amazing how quickly they catch onto the spelling part. However they are confused by the plane when they can't move it. The tilting the iPad this is not natural for them and the fact that if you're not directly on the plane when you try to trace the letters really throws them off.. If only there was a way to play this on easy mode it would be perfect for younger kids to learn their ABCs. Then activate the tilt functions when they are older or master the easy parts.
270	One thing needed You should be able to have sub-boards  For example You would have the board Food Then on the board food you could have a sub board for dessert Or healthy Our brunch
221	Does everything you would hope it would do well     I wish I could email documents from Dropbox as attachments not as links
112	Wth Worked fine u see the video with the music once u put it on instagram it cuts it at the end or it just turned all black
29	bugs bugs bugs lots of bug i cannot login anymore...my device lag when trying to open the app...fix this sucks!!!
237	Would love to be able to print right from the app instead of having to go through the browser or open it in another app Otherwise very convenient
80	Force closes all the time This app isn't worth the money. It crashes more than any of my other camera apps & makes me restart my phone before I can reopen the app.
87	Can't play I have brought this because it is amazing but now i can't play this because it dose not work on android and i am on Samsung pad 2 and won't work update soon as possible please i can't wait to play and hurry up
124	Gd app I think its a great app used it all the time to shut down other running apps..altho i need to delete it bcuz i dont have room on my fone,but cant! It will not uninstall at all says it needs to b deactivated, which i did n still not uninstalling at all! NEED HELP!
226	Is Dropbox design for iOS 7, but is still the same more or less Air Drop is the only new thing in this update (for iPhone) I think   4 out of 5 because still can't rename files
125	It's a great app which I use daily... However, it crashes and force closes a hell of a lot on my Note 3. Fix this and it's 5 stars, as I much prefer the app to navigating the Web page on my phone
109	Good Since I downloaded this I'm having huge storage issues on my phone.
284	How to add voice memo from the iPhone?!
259	I tend to provide reviews on the fly and my only wish is that I could edit them through the app     I also wished that there was a way to respond to replies  One hotel accurately described itself on TripAdvisor but was misleading on its website but I can't point this out
265	Great application One of the great application for chat Please just increase the upload limit That will be very useful
164	This is cool app I've used before.. but no search function.. ^^;;   I need it much..
136	Needs better interface to load and save favorites
174	Ok people...this app works and if you are too stupid to figure out how to make something so simple work, you shouldn't own a smart phone, especially the iPhone. The only thing keeping this from 5 stars is the addition of all the contacts. Looking forward to future updates. ????????
6	Nexus 4 The game do not have any audio, please fix it!!!
94	Fix availability in andriod I can't open the game now. Please have the update version on android phones. I'll wait or if not, uninstall it.
63	N4 kitkat Still getting dark images on pictures taken with flash despite update.
176	I love this app. Its so easy to learn how to use it and its very easy to understand. The only thing I don't like is that if you choose the option to show what the temp feels like, you can't see what the temp actually is. I would love to be able to see both at the same time.
88	worst it ws awesome app before d last update doesent show my pictures
219	The new design fits in well with iOS7, but it would be better if there was an option to rename files and folders It's also impossible to send files as email attachments instead of sharing their links through the default Mail app
71	Great game but..... I really like this game but it wont display properly on my Samsung Galaxy Ace. I get a white background. Please fix or I want my money back.
65	Samsung s3 Amazing graphics but it keeps crashing..either during the race or at the end of it!! Please fix the definitely 5 stars!!!!!
81	Fx is waste I clicked photos in fx mode but unable to open that in mobile or pc.
288	This update would be a step up if you could actually see PDF's with it
223	The app would be great with two 'features'  One the ability to read long filenames  The app truncated all my files so I can't tell which is which in our companies file naming procedures  Really is a complete PITA  Next there needs to be a clear cache option  I download a 700 mb file and open it in a app I really don't need to have it in two places on my iPad  Add these missing features for more stars
266	Increase participants in a group increase participants in a group  Update it
196	First of all, both Dragon Dictation and Dragon Search are amazing and I'm using the slow 3G. They're beyond amazing on my wife's iPhone 4! As a heavy user of Dragon Dictation, it would be very useful to be able to clear the screen and start new, perhaps by shaking the iPhone. Sometimes it's easier to start over rather than edit out one word.
205	"I'm giving the NFL '12 v3 update three stars largely because it's an improvement over the previous version. The in-game display is better organized, and the ""Scores"" page is vastly superior to the prior version: you can now see all games for the current week on one screen instead of scrolling through a list. After a modest amount of use, the app appears much more stable.  However, it still needs work in many respects. The scoring summary is gone (so far as I can tell); I often found this helpful when checking up on games that I wasn't following play-by-play. The ""team leaders"" appears limited to only 1 QB (passing), 1 player rushing, and 2 receivers, with no apparent way to scroll through players or pull up a full listing. Especially during the preseason games, when teams are running through multiple personnel packages, this is very frustrating--there's no way (for example) to compare the passing stats of the 2 or 3 QBs who have gotten playing time. A more egregious problem is that (at least for the Thursday games in week 2), the teams do not switch properly: checking on the Atlanta vs. Cincinnati game, if I tap on the ""Atlanta Falcons"" button, I get the passing stats for A. Dalton; if i tap on the ""Cincinnati"" button I see the passing stats for M. Ryan (with the rushing and receiving stats for their teams). I'm hoping this is an operator error that will be fixed shortly, but it reflects poorly on the product. (I apologize for the comments length, I'm hoping that the NFL is monitoring this feedback.)"
227	I just wish you could edit your word documents other than that it's great!
149	The one good thing about the last update ws the ability to make folders. But, you are not able to make folders inside folders. I wish you could. The bad things about the last update? Now typing has lag which is very annoying. I don't see how that happened since there is no crazy graphical interface or anything animated. The major thing that is pretty much a deal breaker for most people is the removal of the TAB button. I always hated that the TAB button was up on the ruler. I would prefer having only one shift key and place the TAB on the keyboard. But now i wish it was back up top at least. Now you have to go through a complicated process and menu to use it. I've stopped using Pages now since it is such a pain to tab unless you are using a bluetooth keyboard.
224	The inverted colors of the icon induce retinal after images, and in-app, the whiteout is hard on the eyes The experience on an iPad Air is one of huge expanses of white or badly contrasting off-whitelight blue and stencil-thin pale icons battling the brightness of it all The spartan look works fine on an iPhone, where there is proportionately less white assaulting the eye with the iPad, however, I keep trying to reduce the brightness of the display, but that only further impacts contrast and legibility   Also why is it not possible to change names of files or folders??
86	Help Won't let me download its saying I have no memory on my phone but I do I have loads :/
138	It would pull the contacts I have on facebook, but not on my phone, and put them on my phone.
75	Wont create team The game is good but when I try to create the team all I get is a go back button.
43	update kept crashing What was a barely usable programme to begin with, kept crashing after I updated. So I have now Uninstalled it.
123	Not very impressive I am a graduate student and I use my tablet a lot for taking notes during presentation and to read papers. I am disappointed as I can't use the software to present ppt. Also, the draw free form option is not very user friendly as it doesn't allow to draw in different colors nor to erase.
195	Would totally give 5 stars if u didn't have to use the app by itself & send from there! Would be nice to be able to choose app from inside text message or email! Can u work on that?
48	Hhfg Too slow to download
41	Doesnt work Teamspeaks preloaded channel works, but app crashes upon connecting to any other server. Too bad, could've been useful.
104	Please fix It's a good game but it don't save when your online if you don't fix it I want my money back
220	It's very convenient to use, however not being able to switch between accounts without un-linking the phone would be great Also an improvement in the media player would also help
34	Unusable Unusable. Whem trying to find the right forum it takes forever to scroll down!
271	Love it Great app  Which there was a way to multi check pins When editing  (deleting or moving to another board) rather than having to do it one at a time
245	I love the app for allowing me to keep my notes organized and synchrd across devices I also love the feature of sharing stuff with mates The only thing I long for is collaboration on notes
17	Update The app refused to update but others would. Had to uninstall.
253	This has become my main notes program  Wish I could do handwriting on it  Love how can I can put outlook emails in it   Using more than my other note apps in the iPad
26	Not happy I downloaded this app because I have the first one and I loved it but this one will not even load on my phone all I get is a black screen and music plz fix
45	Badd The New Updated One Sucks . It Dosent Even Save THE picturess.
154	I like the new features that make the product more Stanza-like. I still would like to be able to go directly from the library list to the current place in any given book without having to pass by the TOC page.
140	"Why did they remove entire sections when they ""updated""? That's a DOWNGRADE."
273	Great! Only complaint is being able to change the picture that represents your boards And just a user friendlier way to change settings and customizeadd pictures to your boards
191	I sat down and worked out the equiv. IQ for each category based on the data given and Average professional college IQ used for this program 119.985 ~120.  It would be really nice to get an integrated IQ-Equiv feature that showed us this information like the excel calculator I made for myself.  Keep up the great work!
209	Now that I have this app I can't imagine how I got anywhere without it. In my experience it's approx 98% accurate and the spoken directions are a necessity when you're driving alone. One improvement would be to have the spoken directions a little earlier especially on a busy highway. I'd recommend this app to anyone looking for reliable accurate directions.
250	I love pasting notes to ever note I paste my passwords I paste copies of receipts and anything that I need to locate later and I can easily find it in one location the search option is very handy as well I WISH THE INSTRUCTIONS WERE CLEARER
262	Still landscape only  So weird  Every other app has the ability to go either direction  Too bad
78	So so Why cant email be marked as unread? Why when I reply to an email it turns up in my inbox?
187	The recent update makes this app look really beautiful (upgrade from the previous version!) but in the process we have lost functionality and it is not intuitive. I am a woman and the arrows are kinda small to navigate between areas; I could only imagine how most men--the likely demographic--feel about this app. Additionally, It takes too long to move between the screens. I want to easily/quickly set my line up, maybe see my opponent's, get quick updates on the health or status of my players for the week, and see the weekly fantasy scores as they update.
60	Broken Multiplayer Multiplayer doesn't work at all, I just get failed to connect every time. Would give 5 stars if online ever gets fixed.
295	Useful, improved Happy with the progress on this app but there are many updates that seem to make no change Can't see the names of many boards - there needs to be a wrapped text function on board names so long board names can be seen Indexing is very slow too, many of my pins take weeks to come up in search
11	Why doesn't the music work Upsetting to have a clip made but NO music... Tried it for my business and this Is actually very disappointing.
152	This is probably the app I am the most thankful for on my iPhone -- perhaps second to Omnifocus. Thanks to this app and the care given it by its development team, my wife and I are finally budget -- not account. The account balance is servant to the budget and how we have planned to spend our income.   If you are moving from something like Quicken, then there is a bit of a learning curve. The YNAB website is there with excellent video tutorials to help you work through questions and situations. Awesome resource.   Looking forward to iCloud sync and the possibilities it presents. Again, great app.
139	Overall a great app.  I use it daily. It would be helpful if entrance and communion antiphons were included. I do not appreciate the new  in app purchase feature.  The saint of the day should either be included with the program or have a way to remove the buy button for those who do not want to purchase this.
3	Not working properly .wont download emails to inbox
116	Fix it please! This new update detected as malware :(
40	Galax s4 Can't search for friends online
272	I've been addicted forever, The only thing I would change is that over time, I want it more organized so I make another board I wish there was a 'move pin' button to place it to another board current technique is having to repin, then delete it from the old board
134	Very good. Need to update voice ...sometime back ground noise comes Thanks
231	Still no gallery in Camera Upload mode !
159	Please support French and Mandarin.  In the interactive map, when click a country, pronounce the name of the country.
56	Can't read text boxes well Decent, but can't seem to read documents with text boxes and images very well...
110	Great game, sound not working though Sound stopped working mid game and now it won't start! Rebooted phone and reinstalled with no luck ! Otherwise a great worms game!
72	NEEDS FIXING Everytime I get ready to use the picframe and go to pick a photo when I return to the frame it only shows the texture. I have to go through this same problem everytime I use it. Restarting my phone is the only way to get it right up until I want to use it again. Please fix!! ASAP
101	All my apps are intrusive?? What happened? I have had my apps since then. But all of a sudden, antivitus is telling that 101 threats was found? (All apps)?? Howcome?! All my apps are downloaded from playstore. There should be threat even before if all my apps are really intrusive!
19	Does not property work on the 2013  Nexus 7
47	Please It won't let me sign out plz fix plz I have a rca 7inch tablet
32	Unclassified Always I don't get connected even though I have enough net band width.... unable to to line call
233	Hey Dropbox team! Please add the ability to rename files, as well as the ability for gifs to play I know you can do it!!
290	Was good until the cent updates Now my notes vanish randomly and I keep getting a sync error This app needs added features too
132	Pretty good! I've edited many photos using this application already. Something to probably address is the photo not always saving what you're looking at in the preview. The beautify tool is a good example of this, as it may look fine in preview, but when you save it, you don't exactly get the same quality. Sometimes it turns out a little pixalated, but overall a remarkable app! I use this in conjunction with other apps.
36	Multiplayer cant join Cant join games, just keeps searching. I tried custom join and says error can't join
243	The fact that you can search within folders is extremely useful, and makes accessing files on the go far more convenient I also think the latest style refresh is a big positive in the right direction I use dropbox on all of my devices I would like to see sorting within the app improved (eg by date), but it's good otherwise
255	Thanks, Evernote, for a great app!  I use it DAILY to keep my (gluten-free, dairy-free) recipes organized!    A tip Please allow me to search ALL my notebooks - helpful to locate an ingredient - rather than searching within each notebook individually    Also, I would love to pay a flat fee to be able to access my notes offline  Thanks
2	Can't get a response from Developers The game itself isn't bad. If anything,  a bit monotonous.  However,  the manual is less than desirable,  specifically when speaking about how to feed cows. I figured out meadows on my own, but cant make straw bales for the life of me. And, this is apparently hkw to create manure flr fertilizer. I have emailed the developers, amd received no response. VERY FRUSTRATING! You spend money in the game for equipment that you can't use.
4	>:( The app closes everytime i take a picture >:(
7	It sucks When I press ? nothing happens plus I can't even share the videos I make
9	Pretty wired Sometimes on 1st opening it flashes green colour and i need to close it and open again. 5 stars if yuo fix this.
12	Won't install. Got a Nexus 4 with loads of free space but installer says it has 0 MB available.
13	Could be good Doesn't load.... Moto  electrify m.... Fix and I will give a better review
14	Keeps Crashing! Installed, on the loading page and it crashes! Tried re-installing, shutting down my phone still the same. Please fix this and I'll give a 5 star rating.
16	Bad!!! When i want take a picture, the picture from my camera phone is not shown, just blank.. plis fix it. My phone is samsung galaxy young s5360
21	Won't launch on my Galaxy S4 All I get is a black screen.
23	Problem while activating Iv been using viber since a long tym nd it has never dissapointed me but I just deactivated my account for a day nd den I try to activate...I dont get my code by txt nd neither do I get a call...im trying again n again please fix the problem
28	Can I go back to older version? Loved the app, was quick and always connected until the last update.  Have tried every suggestion.  When I first open it, nothing happens, it just sits at an empty screen.  Have to close and reopen several times and it is so slow to connect now.  Hope it improves.  To be fair, I am having same is with lastest tappatalk upgrade also.  Galaxy Note
30	LG Spirit many bugs sometimes it wont shoot a picture and i have to reopen app, orientation when I rotate phone works about 20% of the time, touch to focus is terrible, focus in general is terrible no matter what setting and other things as well. HD CAMERA PRO takes MUCH better pictures and its free. Quit adding so many features...who cares what frame i put on a blurry picture?
35	In game purchase not working Games shuts down when I first tried buying or when tying to restore the purchase. I will change my rating when you fix this.... I gave you my money, the last you can do is have a fully functioning app!!
37	Bummer :/ Seen a friend post a video on Facebook then I downloaded the ap.. all I can do is select photos and it won't let me continue after I have chosen which ones I'd like to use.. :( it keeps telling me there's an error
39	Lame Screen goes black when focusing. Lag. Long initialization. Please fix some.
42	SO DUMB. I paid for this game. Tried to download it and it won't let me...I also can't get a refund! FIX THIS!!
49	Okay that's it!! Everytime i download this app it says that it's finish downloading and then when i search i don't found it and when i open the playstore i open viber and it says that i want to download it again!!
53	Hey Whats wrong with this app... It does not allow me to.choose pic from gallery..
57	Battery hungry beyond belief if I had the application open, a full charge can be gone in 4 to five hour, while normally lasts 16... have to keep it open just when needed.
61	Doesn't start up The app gets to the loading screen and then force closes, please fix. Running Android 4.4.2 kit kat on a nexus 7 2013. I'm assuming it force closes as I'm using ART runtime. Please update to work with ART! :-)
64	Hmmm Messages I receive on my app don't show on the laptop version of Skype and vice versa.
68	Was working... Now it corrupts every docx file I save.  This has cost me hours of work.  I paid for this?  Editors Choice, really?  I cannot recommend this program in its current state.  Nexus 10, 4.4
70	Popularity from Herd Behavior Millions of users can be wrong. This app and application has a poor interface,  allows all sorts of strangers to harass you,  is not intuitive.  The messaging only works sometimes, no indication of it has been read or not.  It is a bandwidth hog. Corporations hate it on their networks. Oh and I still have out installed. Part of the herd....  :(
73	Loved it until... The most recent update has left me less than pleased. Double posting pics, messing up the way cover photos look, it's NOT better in fact it's worse. I use to give it 4 stars now it barely gets 2. Please fix before I lose more fans.
74	Functionality is as advertised, but still buggy I use DSLR controller via wifi on a 6D. During operation varying function such as aperture control, white balance, etc would cease to react irreproducably. Timed bulb exposure (being the only advantage over Canon's own app and the reason why I bought the app) causes the app and the camera (!) to crash. Disappointing and expensive. I keep hoping for more reliable updates.
77	Idk Why does it FOREVER to download!?! I have a galaxy 3 mini and its so long :'( Like i downloaded it cuz its says download over wifi and i accepted it and it was still downloading for two !@#$ing hrs!!!!!
79	Bad control It's really hard to play. Controls are real challenge. And it's killing all the fun
83	When it works great ! Keeps freezing and not completing so really annoying after you've spent so long doing it, lets app down because it I great when it does work
95	How disappointing!! Love the easiness of the upload of pics and music..however. EVERY SINGLE TIME I GO TO POST MY VIDEO IT BLINKS CANNOT PLAY VIDEO..ON.TOP OF that I paid 1.99 for my own watermark and I can't watch MY VIDEO!!!
97	Bug in new update Favourite tab is not working please check n solve the issue.
102	Some help here? My messages won't send and they continue to say pending. Some help would be nice.
108	Ok Love the game but after update its at 0mb/0mb and not loading im ysing the Samsung galaxy s4 active
113	Mixed review This game works great on my HTC Desire X but not on my samsung galaxy tab3 (Stock Jellybean) (weapons and everything else goes invisible and is near impossible to play) Please fix this as its a great game. If you want more info about the issue please reply
114	Black screen I get black screen after using flash. It seem to be random. Anyone else experienced the same problem?
118	Non existant support I trust the name however why cannot this app optimise as it says it does eg closing unused apps. Emailed support 6 months ago and no response. Unacceptable poor service from a famous brand.
119	No ignore list on Nexus 7 with android 4.3 Fix it please.
120	Working fine on wlan but distortion on mobile internet
122	Good but sad Good game overall but couldnt open game so reinstalled and lost progress. Also i bought coins and lost those also. Other than that a great game
126	Like it a lot But when changing the flash setting it still activates while in the OFF position. Freezing. Sometimes not focusing and I'll have to reinstall or Clear Data to get it working again.
128	Freezes It's a good game but sometimes it crashes and needs to be forcefully stopped and restated
129	Works fine and fun Everything's good now only problem is, is like mentioned on by another commentor is the it crashes when u scroll through ship selection other then that little problem it's fun to play good job ubi and it also says theres a Google play edition ship but I cant find it.
130	not bad on android but.. for some reasons I can't view my Pages' album in full screen (instead i got a tiny preview in the middle with left/right button on both side...Yet on IOS version, the photo are full screen, please fix this!!!  Thanks!
142	///Update///  149 rounds recorded. iPhone 3GS. Battery 70-80% left after rounds. Still no side game tracking but the notes feature works somewhat for that. Finally fivesomes! Sixsomes! THE BEST APP FOR GOLF!  17 rounds under my belt with this app now and still very happy. The new in-app stats (v.1.3) blew me away!  Still waiting for side games (skins, etc.). I'm confused why so many golfers leave their phone on the entire round? I pull mine out as I'm walking up to my ball, usually while I'm 20-30 yards away, I get positive satellite lock by the time I'm standing over the ball, read my yardage and put the phone back to sleep. After putting I whip it out, score the entire foursome (takes about 15 seconds total) and then put it back to sleep. I consistently have 80-85% battery life after my round is complete.  Once we get side games/betting included in a future update I will be even more of a cheerleader for this app!    ////////////////////\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\ Used Golfshot for my last 6 rounds and I will continue to use it forever! It's accurate, easy to use, and being able to email your scorecard to your buddies and review actual stats for yourself are perks I didn't know I wanted, but now I can't live without!  Ended up being cheaper to buy a new iPhone 3GS AND this app than the skycaddie I was looking at. Stand alone golf GPS units are in serious trouble.
143	good app, but to make it a great app, video would be a great feature. A must need is to make the timer continuous. After the 5 sec. countdown it would be great for it to restart automatically for continuous self shots. Please add that.
145	I've had this app for about a year. I love it but can you bring back backups or dropbox so I can transfer files to my laptop. Please do this
148	It needs more of the things that powerpoint has. It needs to be able to have music durring the presentation and more animations.
150	Love it, just wish it had the option do make brochures,
156	Great idea for an app and works okay for gas and chain restaurants, but that is literally all you will find. No grocery stores, cafes, or anything that is not fast food or large chains. No coffee shops other than Starbucks and no foreign foods, and definitely nothing remotely healthy. Also lacking an option for submissions.I was excited at the possibilities for this app but the reality is much more disappointing.
157	99cents can't go wrong. I'd like to have a map feature, but overall it does what it was programmed to do well.
161	But wish it had better ability to copy WODs if you do it more than once.  Update: this app has come a long way and is really awesome now!! Love it!!
162	I've been using Marine Traffic for years online and on my iPhone. Downloaded the iPad app and it's as simple (good thing) as always and the content is great. I only give it 4 stars because it needs Retina support which would make it excellent.
167	this app is great i dont have to get on my computer download the music then pass them itunes then transfer it to my ipod but i would love it if we had an option if moving the MUSIC to our music libary, when i have that option iLL give this a thumbs up five stars
169	It needs redstone and online world mupltiplayer accessibility Cus I'm already bored of the update!
170	"Clear has one of the best-designed user interfaces I've ever encountered on the iPhone/iPad. It is the way apps should be. So simple and easy. I'm giving it 5 stars despite some shortcomings:  1. It would be nice to sync with the desktop (iCal?) and between devices. 2. It needs Reminders and Alerts (and Due Dates, etc.) 3. Some kind of support for longer notes. Right now, single-tapping an item lets you edit the item. Maybe double-tapping should let you open an item's ""detail page"" where you could enter the due date, add an alarm, or type a longer note.  4. Also, sharing a list? It would be great if my wife and I could add to or just see each other's shopping lists. Though now, I admit this is ""feature creep"" that could detract from Clear's simplicity."
177	But i wish u could use it offline
178	I use my Yelp app daily and frequently for everything.  Love it.  Only gave 4 stars because of the loss in functionality.  Why can't I publish reviews with app, why don't we earn open table points using app?
179	It would be even better if you could drive an airplane.
182	this is a pretty good app. great to be free. it is super slow on load time. that needs to be fixed. also change the default time. it's so annoying because sometimes I forget to change it and dont see all my hw. also push notofications would be wonderful! other than that it's great. I'm a sophomore math major taking 20 hours and this app helped me stay on top of things!
183	It's need an update where u can post a new chapter of your story and where u can upload a cover for the story! >:0 And it keeps crashing!
184	NEEDS bulk upload and maybe some editing features. Photobucket's app is much better...what a shame. I would much rather use Shutterfly because of their awesome deals on print orders. But it takes way too long to upload from the iPhone. On the photobucket app as soon as you start the app it recognizes all the pics in your camera roll that haven't been previously uploaded and with one click it will upload all the new ones. Shutterfly needs this :-(
190	They should add the photo editting option.Then this app would be perfect.
192	It seems like it would be a great addition to have the hold mail feature from your website here also.  Please include this in the next release!
197	It's almost 2011. Where is the multitasking?
201	Requires access to grades and it'll get 5 strs in my book
210	3 days won't do. I need at least 5 days. Seems user friendly and easy to follow. Perhaps if it added the ingredients--not multiple entries for the some onion, per se.
211	Decent app. Finally, notifications are here. Now please give us multi account login, Google.
217	I love the Brave version better than the original. The graphics are much better and I love the phrases she says.  The objective of hitting 100 is stupid when I don't know how I've done, if I have improved or not when a status on targets hit is not given.   Tally it up in a drop down much like the distance markers at the end of each target segment.
218	Please make it more like the one on the computer like a option that you can download stuff
240	? Why can't I sign into separate Drop Box accounts?
241	You should put the folders first And then the files! I would put a folder as favorite, thus putting all the files inside this as favorite too
246	Im on an original iPad mini and so maybe that's part of he deal but it seems like there are still little thins that need some work For example the spell check doesn't work just right and the search is slow at times Neither of these or any others will keep from giving this app a great rating   I also think that here are improvements I hope to see in the future One is full screen mode Maybe I'm missing this but the only time you get full screen is when you start a new note I'd like this options when reading or editing too   Keep up the good work!
247	I have a premium account and I use Evernote for business and personal items all day long and I am very frustrated about the new advertisement section I've been graced with despite paying not to have advertisements  Also, there is no logic behind the new tag section I really like the the tag section, but I want to organize what pops up there I can't find a master list of reminders in the app or the desktop version Maybe I haven't looked hard enough, but this seems to be a gaping oversight  A calandra would be nifty as well
248	Outstanding  Would be nice to have the PC app features available in IOS app
249	The app present good features, but there is a lot of bugs and missing some hotkeys to make the writing easier
254	This is really a great app an tool to manage multiple projects and scattered notes I just wish that there was a calendar integration and sub folders within stacks   Also in Evernote hello there is no categorizing   But make no mistake I swear by this program
256	I would give this 5 stars if it had these two additional features    Ability to use a scroll bar on iPad and iPhone rather than swipe, swipe, swipe and more swipe to get to the bottom of a note     Ability to keyword search AND GO TO THAT KEYWORD like you can on the laptop version Having search feature for a word does me no good if I can't search within the note to find that word    Can you do these two things for iOS please?
260	This app has been very helpful on my honeymoon search It would be nice to be able to enlarge the photos though Other than that, it's perfect
264	Please add landscape support for your fat-fingered users!
268	No Galaxy Gear support Please create an app for Galaxy Gear I can only read the notifications on my Gear I would love to have an option to reply directly from my Gear Thanks
275	Perfect Vry gud app for editingplz add some more interesting frame-)
279	Love the service but annotations on PDFs have disappeared from Dropbox since iOS 7 update Need these back please
280	Still no ability to change file names - a very basic function Hard to believe after this amount of time Error messages when simply trying to move files No response from dropbox
283	I can't share folders!  That was the only reason I made a Dropbox in the first place  Ugh
287	Even Google Drive can refresh folders   Some simple suggestions to increase usability  1 Currently, you have to leave the folder and come back in if you wish to refresh that folder Let me refresh my folder with a refresh button so that I can view changes to files in a more streamlined manner If I am constantly compiling a document on my computer and using my iPad to check that it looks okay or if I am constantly editing a photo and want a high quality, true color representation, then#REFRESH! 2 Refresh Button 3 Button that Refreshes the Current Folder's contents 4 The air smells a bit Why don't we REFRESH it? 5 It is stupidly simple to add a refresh button 6 Mentos The Refresh Button Maker 7 There's space on the top left of the app header to add a refresh button  Nothing is there at the moment It's lonely 8 Give me an R, Give me an E, Give me an F, Give me an R, Give me an E, Give me an S, Give me an H! What does that spell? Easily implementable refresh button with high utility even to people who don't know they need it yet! Yaaay!
291	Some places that had menus on the old version are missing them on the new one Other than that the app is extremely helpful and easy to use  Much improved navigation
292	The new update loads slower, closes out on me when i press BACK from viewing photos, this update has glitches I don't like the search method and I wish you guys would make it easier to find RESORTS hotels similar to the ones you previously looked at like if I viewed a few months  ago a 5 star resort with a lazy river it show me similar resorts, I would like to stay at in another place (state,country)
294	Can't get enough Brilliant app Switched to a Samsung Galaxy Note 2 after an iPhone and noticed the option to switch off timestamps is unavailable on Samsung devices If this could be included in the next update, 5 star rating sorted
296	Video playback sucks This is a wonderful app minus the videos To play one it takes you to an internet browser, then to youtube Please allow for in-app playback to bypass all the nonsense
1508	I like the chicken bites but they always forget at least 1 sauce every time
548	Good Outstanding
644	I cannot believe how amazing the new changes are. If you mountain bike, hike, camp, or travel this is a must need app! It now tracks altitude, pace, speed, and about every other stat you need in any unit of measure. By far this is the best app I have!
1408	This app is awesome!
80	Disappointed Would be better if it had flash and better quality camera
427	Margin and layout is out Margin and layout is out when using office suite. Microsoft Power Point 2007
432	Nice game Good game, and, with its new firmware, it should be compatible with my Padfone 2 as well. So please update, i would like to install it ;)  El?g j? arcade j?t?k, nekem tetszett.  Edit: Thanks for updating, now it works with my phone, and it's an excellent racing game, nice graphics, nice cars, good control, but the cars should be more upgraded, tuning is missing.
564	Its such a nice QUICK FIX Absolutely love this app.
1559	Great
1117	I absolutely love this app!!!
839	Really like this app. It has been soo very helpful in tracking with everything instantly accessible. It really is amazing. Having previously worked in the weight loss industry for many years. I know that this is the key to planning and losing weight. I am doing well with both.
15	My gallery app does better than this Trash
65	imran is good
686	This app is a fixture in my college studies. Good Reader technology turbo charges my research and puts me ahead of the pack. I couple it with Instapaper, papers, and an air printer app or two and the power is in my hands (and pocket).
132	Pankaj Nice...
1453	"Out of a dozen attempts I made on my iPhone 4, I was able to get it to work three times. And even then it was frustratingly inconsistent in recognizing a pulse. I'm not sure what the indication is that it's reading your heart rate, as the ""dial"" moves around and then restarts constantly. Sometimes a blinking heart shows up. The instructions don't explain what the dial and heart icon are for. Keeping my finger in the same location would reveal a heart rate of 85... and then 31.  Watched the video on their website to look at the location of my finger in comparison to theirs--same spot. It's possible that the technique they use to measure the heart rate doesn't work on everyone--thus the vast disparity in ratings for the app. Seems to work for some people and not for others.  Doesn't work at all on my iPad 2 even in good lighting."
1464	Is been downloading for 2 days and still downloading
1644	Like it
1749	Best pic edit app Great app Jus cant find how to remove text from a pic
162	Good Very Good
494	Best app ever It's a really cool app I can do things that I all ways wanted
397	Shooter game Pretty awesome to be able to play a game on a tablet anywhere that has the feeling of an Xbox or playstation console
1740	We really enjoy this app while traveling When you're on the road and you're ready to stop to eat, this is a great app to find a good place We have found some really good places to eat that we would not have known about Having a map to get you there also helps     One small issue I have is that when you ask what's near you, or when you use a filter, not everything shows up  An example is that I was trying to find info on a brew pub near our motel  It didn't show up on the map and when I asked for pubs near my current location it didn't show up in the search  But, when I searched by name, there was the pub and reviews
304	Great game Love the gameplay
270	Awesome high five EA :) Its working fine with my Xperia SL Awesome graphics and physics Keep rocking
586	Console Like! It looks just like a console game! Good job Gameloft!
1659	It allows me to share individual photos but not entire folders!  What good is that?? I can easily text someone a single photo  WTH ?  I want to be able to send a link to people of an entire folder with many pics in it from my mobile  Seems useless now   On the other hand I do like that I can view and share excel documents That's pretty cool Although it does take quite a while to load it seems
921	This is exactly what I was looking for in an iPhone banking/checking app.
360	Good
758	Provides for hours of uproarious entertainment!
341	Good Good.. but does this app only works when theres internet connetion?
1543	THIS APP IS A GREAT APP ????????? USE MY BONUS CODE: cherryx3  ???????????? please and thank you ~  cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3  cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3  cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3  cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3  cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3  cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3  cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3  cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3  cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3  cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3  cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3  cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3  cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3  cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3  cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3  cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3  cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3  cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3  cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3  cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3  cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3  cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3  cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3  cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3  cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3  cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3  cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3  cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3  cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3  cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3  cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3  cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3  cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3  cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3  cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3  cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3  cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3  cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3  cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3  cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3  cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3  cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3  cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3  cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3  cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3  cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3  cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3  cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3  cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3  cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3  cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3  cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3  cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3  cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3  cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3  cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3  cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3  cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3  cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3  cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3  cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3  cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3  cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3  cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3  cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3  cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3  cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3 cherryx3
672	Works just fine.
508	I love it! I love it its cool wow!
1275	What happened?? I can't access my program now. Will cancel if problem is not fixed soon!
500	Love it
1361	I love the Nook app.
873	What a great help on our trip!!!  It helped us maximize our time in the parks!!!  A must have
763	Trustworthy and reliable
60	Still work to do please change it......... Not impressed needs a lot of work ........
450	cull lik app
1026	I am truly amazed at how well this app works..the thing that stands out to me the most is the fact that when I am recording my voice for translation, IT ACTUALLY UNDERSTANDS ME!! I have a very deep voice and I have never had any type of software that was able to take what I said and convert it to the correct version..I am very very very pleased with this app..you should get it ??
868	The best app for finding quality apps.
1459	Love how it looks! Not sure where it gets the info from or how accurate it is? But this is the beat looking weather out there!
496	Excellent As promised.  A faithful interesting game with plenty of variety along the way.  Nick Bee
464	Best Printing App Ever!
1235	Hard to get everything u want, many ads, have to pay to read some articles. (I want all NCAA FB news, not just the big tens) or whatever conference u choose
377	Good app :) but no :D in galaxy s4
705	If you use forums a lot, you'll love this app!
1529	Great App :3
87	a a
24	Lame Just stick to Auto Awesome on Google+.
1440	Great and useful app. I have nothing bad at all to say about it. It helps me find the best deals on gas around the city with little to no glitches. Does what it's supposed to. 5 stars!
1068	Really good !
1297	Loaded to my iTouch.  In it Everything is completely opposite - East reads as West.  North reads as South etc.  Don't get this app unless you want to get lost!!  Will proceed to Delete immediately.
1256	This app is good, but very confusing and hard to navigate at first. The review sheet doesn't make any sense, but good app, overall
1157	Love it
1038	Awesome app!!!!
1561	This is just do frustrating. Only solution is Delete and re download app. Then it freezes again on camera launch...! Happened for the last month. Please fix it then I will Gladly give all Five stars...!
1264	At first I thought it wouldn't work but after using it, I have realized that it does work!!
254	4.3.... Please Love this app but cant use it on my 4.3 tablet..... Keeps crashing!
1657	The layout is very clean but it fails to load editing settings or feedback components It has potential, but is still buggy
1228	Why they list this free?
374	Star one!! Nice one... simple UI..
886	Holds interest well.
277	It'sNice aap Good
832	I've purchased 4 different swing apps. This one is by far the best! Great buy!
680	Thanks Flight tracker, just missed flight because flight tracker gave me Completely incorrect flight delay information!
1367	Had it on my iTouch and it was great. Got it on my iPad... Not so great. What the heck apple? I don't want to look at pixelated stuff in your store. Would be convenient to have an update...
1239	Great app.  No bugs.  Thoughtful, provoking news.
1151	Great app. Use it all the time.
1724	Don't Updated to iOS7 cause I noticed the paragraph section is missing the ability to create 'Section, subsection, paragraph and blockquote' as I was able to in the previous version It only allows me to select ' Simplify' or 'Plain Text' I guess they are forcing us to pay for premium, find alternative, fellows!
1454	I absolutely love this app. I scan whatever I see....
1035	Love this app. Use at night to go to sleep with.
1293	Easy to use to manage my account.
457	Hi Nice   .
1009	I love it- it's fun to play on boring car rides?
1519	"I love Google+! It is such a wealth of information. I LOVE the illustrations, the content and ""hangout""room. My husband and I connect using that tool often. It's an amazing app and I hope it catches on."
1676	I love Evernote and I use it everywhere and on various devices (iOS and desktop) I used to love the simplicity of the web interface, but the new one seems too cumbersome and I've had some really weird issues where it has overwritten my notes Overall, I would rate the environment 45
1325	The concept is very interesting. For the most part it's very accurate at recognizing your hand-written numbers and operators entered for calculation. I would definitely recommend it.
835	One of the best ones!
1133	I've used this app for three seasons! This is the first year that NFL owns it. I've drafted 8 teams over those years with this app! Very user friendly.
634	Easy to find songs and purchase in iTunes.
637	It's really useful cuz I'm a astronomer            It's magestical!:/
519	Great game
1002	Great at keeping you journaling. Looking forward to multi-media updates.
1060	Very practical, easy, and for all music lovers.
863	Really enjoyed using this app to help me study. Think the video clips do a great job explaining the various functions the joints and muscles play. Liked the quiz set up.
320	This app is good
131	Well.. I think its pricy  . Now complicated
862	It's great for my anatomy class and I'm sure it'll be helpful in college
78	Nice
1124	I llove it!!!???????????
1390	Being able to change seats on a mobile airline app is imperative. AA's NEVER functions at all. How can they not realize that it just doesn't work?!
867	I was very pleased with this app.  The graphics are excellent and the interface is very easy to use and navigate through.  The quiz options and video are a great bonus feature.  I am really satisfied (especially for the price) and look forward to trying out the other systems' software.  Nice Work!
318	Nice one Interesting
1193	Would have docked a star, but trying to read a magazine on my phone is borderline insanity!  Love that I can add my own books!
1498	Amazing app love using ut
1121	Dump and stupid interface.
933	"I went in and made a playlist, I unselected the group podcasts button so it would go into my list of pod casts so that I could create playlists like NEWS, TECH, etc... it worked for the FIRST playlist created, now it won't work for any of the others I create, it will ONLY allow to select ALL the podcasts... very strange. Please fix.   The ""GROUP by PODCAST"" button is now dead after creating ONE playlist successfully....  I have uninstalled, reinstalled, rebooted my iphone, etc. Please help... an AWESOME program otherwise.   I just have a lot of podcasts and need to be able to group them... the iPhone's hard installed video app does that for me ... but I really want to use your program vs. the iPhones app.... Please advise."
1274	Starbucks really needs to get away from doing business with PayPal. PayPal is a dangerous company for anyone or any business to work with. Their practices are beyond shady and their organization is reckless and irresponsible, top to bottom. Until then, the Starbucks app continues to get one shiny gold star from me.
21	Seren
300	Ghh
1402	this is the exact app every ikea-phile has ever wished for.  i can finally retire my three ring notebook and page protectors!  thank you, IKEA!
769	I am a very superstitious person. I love any kind of ghost story. Short, Long, or a book. But this app has everything from short stories to long. Definitely worth the $$
37	Fix it What has happen to the weekly levels
826	No words, just I love it, definetely 3$ very good invested!!!
1246	Couldn't find screen to enter coupon code an had to enter password 5 times to place order.  Also, no option to add tip when placing order.
290	Good for photo collages.. Should have more free options, but gets the job done, great app?
204	Boo! I don't like the annual subscription cost so I won't upgrade to pro.  I'd gladly pay a one time fee but apparently that's not an option anymore.
202	Average
722	Need more for finding rental HOUSES. But great other than that!
1338	Great App!
1511	Great app! Way better than papa johns
1304	Great app. Wish the instant deals were more varied but otherwise great deals to be had.
1634	It's great for my brother because he's only four so when Disney comes on I can play this for him so he's not bord.
657	Buy it
677	BEST GAME EVER!!!!
294	Good My life has been changed thanks to this cinco app
1037	I was looking for a good nightstand application and instead found a great app. Separate alarms, separate days, wake to music, slide dimmer. All around great app.
1565	Good
1434	Very useful and the creator did a good job
861	Helpful notations. Wish the illustrations were a bit more defined.
648	This is, hands down, the most useful app. I had the lite version but decided it was worth the money to upgrade. It makes it so much easier than the guess and check on the calendar. I love it!!
192	it s ordinary. . u need to improve ur user interface
391	Needs a little improvement Overall the app is great! It would be nice if you could pin posts to your page from the app. Otherwise you CANNOT do it at all if you are mobile. Fix it and you will have five stars!
1537	Looks like it would be a great app, but it only downloads grades for 1 class...hmmm. Pretty useless for me right now.  I'm extremely disappointed since the website is difficult to use on my iPhone. This app has too many connection problems & it's too slow. I'll use the crappy designed website until this app gives me something useful to see. I'll try back later :(
1125	Awesome game
436	Mantap
1668	I dislike the latest version My notes randomly disappear They are listed under the wrong name (usually by the one that is actually above it) I LOVED the version prior to this one This version is making me lose my confidence that my notes are actually being saved!
1310	Gave me an error first time after uploading check images. App crashed the second time while uploading check images.
437	Nice V gud
172	Awesome Nice
1592	Excelent
139	Not good Why i cannot clear chat history. Come on.  There is no option for clear history. Please fix that!
471	Office suite pro Works great
93	Nice I like it
1478	This is the best weather app ever! Great job, it totally outclasses other weather apps.
645	Makes it easy to keep track of mileage
1177	Most translations aren't even right
655	It is a good app but I eat a lot of home cooked meals and it's hard to find the exact thing I ate.
1521	The is a great app for someone on the go that needs to know what is going on w/ the delays. This app has helped me be in time to a few interviews.
1495	For some reason when you ask someone about this app they will not tell you well I found it
424	Are you listening! ?
1516	I really love to shop on the delias website. Now i can look at the catalogs on the go or anytime. I love this app.
1507	It is a good app. It definitely saves time finding online books!
77	I lov Mmmm
1628	Ggugtg
674	Now that it comes with iPad Keynote integration, this app is worthwhile to get.  My only complaint is that notifications on the iPad interrupt it.  Which you can fix Apple by improving the notification system.  *cough*.  So get this if you use Keynote :)
848	Helps so much with meal planning and grocery shopping.  Cuts time off of both those activities.
1099	Not so much
752	VERY WELL
1685	Used to be my most used app, but now it's a pain to find hotels when searching a geographical location  I now have to enter numerous towns and do numerous searches to find what I'm looking for  New version is a step in wrong direction
748	Highly recommend this app to listen to ATC conversations from around the USA and world
1209	As an author, I definitely nee something like this on the go. It's nice not having to wait until I get home to type the next chapter of my book, and I don't have to carry around my binder full of notebook paper. This is amazing ad extremely convenient!!
419	I  like using this application for my embroidery business. Enjoy using this application for my business.
433	Good
1020	I can't even install it. I am now with out my navigation. This is the worst. Hurry up and fix it and I will change it to an 4 star
1648	Charges made without any request and no approval
108	Specs fail I noticed the same on my note 2 it says tht i have dual-core...
1170	I can't find the clipboard once I save a word to it. If anyone knows how to find saved words let me know through the review. Otherwise great app.
1696	5 star Excellent but a bit slow running
864	Well worth it. Great tool for review and on the spur of the moment reference.
117	Ok
1389	Can not even select a flight date anymore!! Don't waste your time here. Sheesh, why don't ya charge more for luggage so you can hire a programmer!
1082	So fun/funny love it! Did it with friends and family so funny and old! LOL
1522	This app was easy to use. I'm so glad I found it!
435	Excellent! Its Excellent. I Have No Complaints.
633	I loved SoundHound before the last update. Now I can't view my history. I've tried several times and after 30 minutes of waiting for it to download I just give up. Back to using Shazam. I hope this gets fixed.
1240	Amazed at the variety of drinks. Just wish there were more brand-centric drinks as well.
827	This is a great educational app for students, especially the movies! It provides a great visual for abstract content.
1159	This app is so helpful!!!! Truly amazing!!!! I just paid my bills from it
600	Great Game Good graphics and gameplay. Definitely glad I got this one
1229	This once great app is now useless.  Every address I enter fails.  I was a faithful and constant user before the update, now I am searching for another app that actually works.
843	Nice presentation   Of course, the books come from Librivox and the quality varies according to the talents of the volunteers.  I have found that most of them read well.
147	Nice Very  nice  dhis  apps
997	The new release shows what a mature iOS app should look like. It performs incredibly well, while offering most features (if not all) that users could want. Not only is it now offered at a lower price, but there is an option to enhance the application with an upgrade. Since few users need the enhancements, it is a great way to offer them.
217	Shark ? dull
1104	Just wish I knew how to center the text!
1704	Very good Fav app  Only bad thing is all the fakes Not good
1078	It says that because there are monsters out side that are close to you!!??
874	Very helpful in planning trip.
627	A classic Finally a decent version of worms on Android.
983	This app is a must have in your arsenal of bible memorization.
831	As a commercial pilot I use this app all the time.  Much better than Weather Channels app.  Best weather app I've found Thanks for such a great product
28	Worst app, dont install it,its full of spam
285	Works great on my xperia arc (updated to Android 4.0.4)! Works great on my xperia arc. Would be better on a bigger screen, but still good on a 4.2inch!
834	I'm very disappointed with this app. I loved when it worked, but since the new update it won't even open! That last update was at the end of October, and now it's the beginning of December .... one would think that a big company, with I'm sure a nicely paid Tech team, would have figured out the bugs by now. Don't waste your money on this app until they fix it!
954	Great app and I live how it gives the sky look for the place I'm checking.
1484	Easy to use....love French...using French stations to improve my French. It's working!!!  Merci, merci!!!
603	Awesome! I like this game but I hate having to unlock some things with real money, but everything else is great.
1336	It's great when it works, the app disconnects frequently.
1589	It's a fun game but earning money is hard and long and you have to have tons of gems for thing and you have to buy them soon enough will delete it
668	Does not work well in remote areas and mountain ranges. Good for gps in foreign cities but then google works just as well.
1647	Why did you drop support for earlier IOSs? Does Apple make you?
893	My friend has this and she had access to other movie themes like Retro and Scary. How come when I bought it it didn't have those themes? You should really update cuz its kinda lame.
1023	Awesome ????????
809	This is so cool. I love how many different frequencies there are to listen to.
409	Good App Works better than Samsung version installed S4
1599	I love variety of monster to fight,and love the effect of the parking falling down using as a ramp! Good Game!!
572	Ok Good game
338	Amazing, I love using skype so I can video with family x
904	I've seen better cruise apps with live maps and cams.
615	Great app love it Can't get any better
1224	I LOVE this app, super easy interface and I use it ALL the time.
73	In between
226	Ok
3	Paid app  and still needs to pay more? Really?
5	good game but... I paid for it and not only do you now charge for all the extras, but you serve me ads too!
6	DONT DOWNLOAD IT Devastated spent ?3 on it It says I don't HV enough memory on it want money back
7	Its so slow Its so slow man.
8	Sequel only on ios? So the developer released the ios sequel before android when there are far more android users, are you stupid?
11	Very bad
14	Waste of money Not downloading
16	Pathetic
17	"NEEDS TO BE UPDATED. Was Fun & Challenging. Desperately in need of an update. Paid for the Allie levels SEPTEMBER 1 and still no new levels- when is ""soon""?? No new levels of the week. No updates. Used to be a favorite..."
20	This game sucks
22	Pile of sh!t worst app ever!
23	Good but wth Its a good camera and everything but it used 1.00gb of my data last month. What the heck is that? What is this sending out?
25	Not gooood at all >_< I don't like at all u can download only one pic & i want to download albums or videos tooo that's sucks >_< >_<
26	summer ok
29	Translations? Dude,  i cant accept an agreement that i can't read.... Should be able to choose the language BEFORE you are prompted to read it.
31	No more Chathead Popups? Gees that's the only reason why I installed this app and now it's gone :| bye messeger :(  I don't like the Facebook app either, just another app that eats ram... --&gt;Browsers, all in one
32	Terrible
33	Upside down HTC one. Yes upside down
34	Cak
36	Good Good
38	Rubbish
39	Awsis Very nice app
40	I
42	I have already paid I paid for the game now they want more money for the whole experience.
43	Hk$7.7 only So cheap!!!!
44	Burn in hell EA! Everything you touch turns to offal. You are the epitome of human greed.
46	Lousy This print tool is not worth your money!:-(
47	No good. It will let me make them but I can't share them to anything like Instagram!! :(( please fix this soon.
49	Not free
52	Nice
53	Poor in comparison with Yahoo! and Outlook Poor
54	Too lag Too many ads..make my hp lag
55	Doesnt work Teamspeaks preloaded channel works, but app crashes upon connecting to any other server. Too bad, could've been useful.
57	Poor Don't care for it
59	Zte warp sequent It does not load on my phone plz fix
61	Get it working! This game hasn't worked on my phone for months now.
63	Discrasefull They make us uninstall just to charge us 1.99 when you can download or free I would of never used it again but my online job is through teamspeak and I'm always on the move ducking bankers honestly
66	X Wont load
67	Album function needs improvement Current version opens up all possible folders which includ cache files which should be selectable from settings to avoid unnecessary browsing resulting low productivity.
68	Need help How do I connect to my game server, Thank You but only 2 stars till I get an answer :-D
69	Need help How do I connect to my game server, Thank You but only 2 stars till I get an answer :-D
70	dnt dwnload it has very few editing tools  but the black white effect are so many types it is really impressive
71	J /
74	Rip off .. What comes basic in most quality editors, this app wants us to buy at up to $2 each totalling over $30.00!!!!?? what a rip off! It doesn't even have hue which I use more then any other filter. Highly dissatisfied! There are hundreds of editors in the play store plus most phones come with one that's fairly decent...  hit share to find yours.  Uninstalled.
75	Blahh
81	Nice Call you me
82	Good Slowed
83	Ok Wird irgendwann fad
84	Annoyed Apparently everything in my phone is a threat now!
85	10 year old package that barely works. Total waste of $15! Doesn't display many word documents and excel files.  Editing with that is a torture. I bought it because it was the best for Palm and blackberry. Wasted $15.. OfficeSuite 7 is the that does the job done.
86	I want my money back The one thing I hate about it always doesn't work it works when it wants to apps should be 99 cents instead of three dollars I don't think it's worth $3 I recommend you do not buy it unless you have money to waste!
88	Good Good aps
89	Large file dont u think? The file size it waaaaay to big for what it is make it smaller plz!
92	Wow. I paid for the Allie levels because it said over 200 levels. Nope. Just forty.
96	Awkward menus I bought this app. ..quickly attempted to do my most common types of formatting, and found it very slowly and fiddly on my note 2.  Much better on the BlackBerry.  So, as quickly as I could, I attempt to un install and get a refund, can't!!! So am I stuck?
98	Lacks features and options
103	Good.. Nice....
104	yo yo
106	Not horrible...but All in all, it's in the tradition of the franchise. In campaign mode it's pretty annoying that the AI never misses, and the wind is always exactly what it needs to hit.
107	Ehhh Every level after 19 is ridiculously hard.  The enemy worms take hardly any damage and seem to aim perfectly through the tiniest spaces while your worms die by 1st or 2nd turn,  leaving you with 1 worm against 8 or 9... I'm ready to uninstall
111	Wish I wouldn't have bought this I like the free app better, seems to be easier to find what you're looking for, but it doesn't get updated...theres a no win situation...
112	Android Very nice app
113	Money ripping I have played this game on pc and realised it was released for android platform. As soon as i downloaded it (and payed for it), it is ridiculous that they are still charging so much money for other mini games available in the game. Really disappointed with this. Please resolve this issue n i'll give this game a 5 star.
114	See
115	dema dabor
118	Poor maintained product with great past but no future
119	Good Like
120	Lack there of ...
123	Good app I really like the functionality and flexibility this app offers.
124	Avg Its gud
125	OK, not the best
126	facebook
127	Not played for long As said cant say much played one part of the game and you ask for feadback so here it is
129	Was good at first.... ..now every app comes up as false positive including Google Play!  Will try installing again in a month.
130	??? I don't know how to get contacts.....
133	Good Good
134	Old is Better
135	"There was a time for this app The fact that the app needs me to register after I have paid for it sucks. The fact that it makes me do it with no way of turning it off other than hitting ""later"" every time it updates is a deal breaker. Get a 365 account and use Microsoft's full version of office."
138	In need of an update You guys have done nothing to improve what started out as a good thing. decent app with lazy devs.
140	People cant hear me The app is very good for texting but when i try to call them i can hear them but they can't hear me. Please fix that and it'll be 5 stars thank you.
141	Yes Yes
142	Donzii I like PicsArt
144	Nice but limited use Limited options stickers etc are available
145	Good app I need more face details and make the head small .lt good app and funny
146	Goood Gooooooood
148	The best 4 edit my photo
149	i love it nice
150	Its good
151	Decent overall The focusing is very poor
152	Nice Its useful
153	Superb app Easy to use , truly indispensable to xda forum user's    Get it now!
154	Good Its very good for android
155	Good Nice time killer
156	Its the best. Its really cool.
157	Mr.? Are u spying us?
158	Not bad! For a mobile game ya can't complain.
159	Awesome Thrilling
160	1st level completed Not bad for the moment, just tryin' to get the controls as well, I will update this in few days :) Good job by now :)
161	Should... Should be in the main facebook app. No need to have three apps.
163	Average Good
164	A great brain game but a little east Easy very easy
165	Nice Its amazing
166	Good
167	Pretty app I just downloaded and i dot know what happen next :) hopely fine ok ;)
168	Works Ok.
169	Wish someone warned me before . . . . . . no spell check for Android , not even the paid version.
170	paste pasta is very hot
171	F
175	Just ok For God's sake we need a new icon and interface, seems so outdated!!
176	Good bt not satisfied :( Can't reply.. no tagging.. please add more features..
177	Improving. Way to go.
178	Passt Naja
179	Better than it used to be... Still needs significant amounts of work.
180	Good
