id	comment
90	Still need to check each, I think I need to improve technique.  Cards with multiple addresses throw it for a loop.  Very easy to export to excel
233	This app is so helpful!!!! Truly amazing!!!! I just paid my bills from it
58	Awesome!!!
313	I love that this app takes less than ten seconds to let you know where your battery life is!!! I love it.
445	It's a app that you can do pretty much everything from making to do list to office papers It's great for people that are on the go and can store almost anything and have it in the palm of their hand
704	Awesome I love pinterest its a place where I can keep all the things I like and are interested in, in one place
99	It's easy to use. Keeps the battery conditioned for sure.
9	Funny Funny and exciting app. You can can have new way of expressing yourself and you can make fun with others photos..
558	This is a great app for planning a trip If wanting to go somewhere definitely use this!! It is helped me find restaurants in cities I've never been and great deals on flights and hotels Totally worth it to download
283	Great app, huge selection of titles, and great free section with plenty of releases semi-monthly/monthly. Only problem is the viewer occaisonally hangs up but not often and restarting the app usually remedies this. Overall, one of the best apps in the entire app store.
659	Easy to use and very accurate I always go to trip advisor to see opinions whether the are good reviews or not Thanks for the great app
196	"I have used this on countless occasions now. It has come in handy, and when I do use it the other party is as ""wowd"" as I was the first time. I gave 4 stars because the speech is a bit quirky (may be iPhone speech recognitions problems) and because it is a translator it breaks a sentence down funny. But, if you type or talk like a caveman it gets the point across every time. Overall very pleased with this for just a buck!"
223	Many options, easy to use, show it off on instagram and Facebook!
38	Great app to have for tracking flights! I own a limousine company & all my drivers use it to track their clients flights.
370	Great app! Works great with my playlists! Wish it worked with Pandora! Definitely not worth paying for the pay version of C25k because this up to date.
81	I am a very superstitious person. I love any kind of ghost story. Short, Long, or a book. But this app has everything from short stories to long. Definitely worth the $$
600	Love that you can save your stops on a trip for easy reference We've really benefitted from using Trip Advisor and loce the ease of access that comes with the app
305	Couldn't be better really, with options to copy results and also send via text/email..  would like to see an option for viewing results full-screen, sometimes the end gets cut off.. but it still copies/pastes all of it so it's cool ;)
545	even with the latest glitches, evernote is  still one of the only apps on my phone i use daily best program to keep up with my life, super glad it is on the iphone!
230	I fell in love with this app in 2009 when I was in San Fran for the first time. With this app, we found a wonderful restaurant right around the corner and wouldn't have known to go there otherwise. I generally don't eat anywhere less than 80%. Good job team, very useful info!
295	It's like a mix of texting and talking, but better!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I love it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
19	Easy to find songs and purchase in iTunes.
157	I learned so much about the bones??
267	Great news know you can get all the breaking news as it happens with CNN on your iPhone!!
112	I've bee using EveryTrail.com for years - loving its ease and look for uploading my rides and embedding the maps on my blog. I used the free app for a long time, until recently on a trip I needed to find a trail and download it to use offline. Enter EveryTrail Pro. This app has practically replaced my GPS unit. I adjust the GPS settings to extend battery life and I can go on epic rides and still have power to text my buddies photos from the trail. I highly recommend it for on the fly trail mapping needs. Worth every penny.
361	"Love that this app has ""real time"" temp reading on the home screen, so there is no need to open app entirely to view the current temp!"
59	Need more for finding rental HOUSES. But great other than that!
455	I have over 200 notes in Evernote (verified in the Mac version and on Evernotecom), but only 4 of them appeared in the new version of this app until I deleted and reinstalled it Logging out and logging back in didn't work The new UI will take some getting used to but feels cleaner and faster than before
298	I love having my books with my everywhere I go.
400	Simple to use And the voice recognition is great!
176	Without this its literally impossible to play music on my Xbox! Thanks! Happy birthday  ??
430	Good app for noting but too expensive to use it for poor students  60mb is not enoughcould you make it more plz ?
666	Love it Excellent app Easiest way to keep in touch with my close and dear Cheers
37	At first I didn't have the challenges on and literally got board in about 10min. But when I turn the challenges on I was all over it like a hawk of a dead animal. So to get to the point BETER THAN MODERN COMBAT 3!!!!!!
527	This app is a must-have for those in the professional world It is a great way to stay 'green' by storing documents rather than printing hard copies The ability to search notes and PDFs makes old-fashioned pen and paper obsolete The integration with Penultimate is pleasing for those who still wish to 'write' rather than type
536	Great app for David Allen's 'Getting Things Done' organizational techniques Syncs with iPhone, iPad and Mac immediately so you always have access to what you need wherever you are    I use this app to keep track of everything from work tasks, household chores, shopping lists and ideas for the future without getting them mixed up  Check out TheSecretWeaponorg for ideas on how to set up your Evernote to stay organized     Great app!!!!
733	Loved this app from jump! Have never had any issues with this app, its been my go to for enhancing  photos and has never let me down! Thanks guys, I love it!
101	This is so cool. I love how many different frequencies there are to listen to.
652	Great for US and abroad planning
93	Great App for Travelers. Highly recommend it!
427	Honestly, it took me some time to get used to using this application - web clipping, photo notes, sharing, etc, but now I find this app to be the 'deal killer' - the one thing that MUST be on every device -   The note scanning is so powerful it can read my scribbles (take notes in a meeting, take pics in evernote, throw them out!)   We are now exploring the business application - sky's the limit
714	Excellent I love it I can pin everything I like and send pictures and quotes to my girlfriend
437	I like the UI improvements with the new version The old UI was hideous and I usually used En via another app like drafts or IFTTT   But the fact that I cannot add recent photos from my album!?!?!!? This is the main function for me of Evernote This must be fixed!
516	I've been using Evernote for 4 years and it just keeps getting better Everything is easy to search and it has always worked flawlessly
350	Easy to use, super fast! Perfect for in a rush ordering!!!
329	Accurate
181	Lots of topics, something for everyone
318	Very detailed
71	Great app for any aviation enthusiast!!
354	This App is like THE BEST THING that's ever happened to me!! I'm the only one of my friends without a phone so pinger has practically saved my social life! This is the best app EVER!!
382	Great pictures
596	Love the ability to post stuff as I do it
636	Have used in US, Ireland and Continental Europe, easy to use good information including location, numbers and web site  Reviews are personal preference but knowing a majority opinion makes selecting places and events easy
383	It has some really cool and interesting tattoos
432	I started to use evernote since high school, but didn't feel that useful Now i am a college student, I use evernote in every life I love the highlight section, but wish there is more color than yellow Moreover, I enjoy the website version as well It is organized and sophistic Thank you for providing this application It is so convenience
51	Pixel for pixel, this scanner does better than an expensive HP printer/scanner. Part of that is the iPhone but the other part is JotNot's software. I use this in my presentations for text off a page. (it doesn't do so well with images though, hence the 4 stars.) taken as a whole, it's money well spent.
340	3 days won't do. I need at least 5 days. Seems user friendly and easy to follow. Perhaps if it added the ingredients--not multiple entries for the some onion, per se.
467	Evernote is now virtually unusable I was simply trying to toggle check marks in my grocery list yesterday, and it would take three or more attempts to acknowledge me, and then suddenly the keyboard would pop up without any reason and the screen and cursor would jump to the bottom of the list When the program did finally acknowledge me, the check marks would be delayed by about 2 seconds each as if it had to stop and sync between every gesture  Do people even test apps before release any more? Who thought 'Oh, yeah, this looks perfect,' should be fired
6	Aside from the occasional glitch, pretty good Awesome graphics, nice sound, just don't expect AC3 or 4 scale naval warfare. The battles are not what I'd call real time, more a cross between real and turn based. Randomly sailing about is also quite pointless due to being able to fast travel almost anywhere. The main missions and races are fun however as they are much less repetitive than battling. There have been a few bugs but the developer seems to be squashing them quite often.
155	This app is a good time. Fun at parties.
106	As a commercial pilot I use this app all the time.  Much better than Weather Channels app.  Best weather app I've found Thanks for such a great product
36	It's a pure joy already having a pic when your friends call and sometimes contacts info from your FB friends that you haven't taken the time out to acquire. Fabulous!
273	Love the app. It's accurate and useful. I hope you guys planed for push notification soon.
447	I love, love, love Evernote! It is the only way I remember anything Their generous monthly allotment of new storage space is incredible!  The new interface seems to have buried things I want most Such as Sync Now and Search Sync seems to be broken regardless  I am also unhappy with the iOS version of Evernote using my location as the default new note title instead of doing it like the desktop version does, using my first sentence   Another new(?) annoyance is Search now ignores which folder you are in Always searching every note in your Evernote history is not efficient If I know a note I am searching for is in a certain folder I should not have to search through search hits from all my other folders Again, working like the desktop version would be better here  Finally, it would be nice if tag searching worked like it does on the web version of Evernote, evaluating the entire tag Not just the first word in the tag  The iOS version is a bit buggy but that may be all iOS 7's fault It is the buggiest iOS I can remember  I'm not mad Just frustrated 2 stars is a reflection on the iOS version, not the Evernote across platforms
53	I think this app works better than using my desktop to use forums. Fast, eat to read, searches well. Wish it had Miniusa and Bike forums... Great for Tacoma World.
172	Something to do while reading the story and a few extra features and it's free.  Good deal.
675	Amazing -) Amazing app  the best way to stay in touch with ur frnd sharw images  videos   Songs  group chat  great aap  works perfectly  CHEERS -)
566	Very helpful for me! Love the reviews for helping me find places when I don't have a guide book with me
642	I'm enjoying it so far hopefully when it's time for me to go out and do stuff ifs worth using!! )
381	Outstanding! Everything u need for ideas in one place. A lot quicker then searching the web, good job fellas!
487	Evernote is my daily Goto app for all of my actions and to dos The file folder UI can be clunky but under the covers this app delivers
621	Used to find lodge in Amazonia, judge restaurant options in London
218	This helps me keep track of all my budgets that I've set up (groceries, gas, rent, etc) and also has tons of graphs that compare my income vs expenses. Very easy to use and it's already helping me save my money.
252	This app is great for road trips. The kids can listen to their music and I can put on headphones and listen to my books.
175	Like the visuals of this app a lot, like how it updates weather as to where you are :)
399	Works well, especially for saving files for offline use
67	Nice app, easy to use, gives just the right amount of relevant info.
606	I like that it gives you more info about the area Like that I get more feedback how is everyone experience And it give more knowledge where and what to do
261	Accurate and easy to use. I highly recommend it.
502	I love Evernote!  The convenience of saving web info, documents from airline itineraries to e-tickets to office documents to photos, etc on my IPad or my computer is wonderful! The fact it works on pc platforms is a real bonus!  Put the info on one device and you have it on all your devices!  Thank you developers!!
512	I would like to say that I do not like the fact that the password has to be reset
275	Very good!
572	Best info on hotels hands down!
730	Best app i use!!! You need no other photo editing apps ever again!!
277	When you need a location this is a simple and good.
732	Perfect I love this app, I have it on all my devices, and use it all the time for fun effects to make the perfect picture
7	Great app Found my Canon MX880 printer.   Worth the money as none of the other free applications worked to my liking.
578	My husband and I always use trip advisor before vacations! So much useful information
657	We use this app whenever we travel or when planning a trip Would be lost without the helpful reviews when deciding on hotels, restaurants and motor coach resorts
199	Love this app. Use at night to go to sleep with.
282	Using for a few days now. Easy to navigate and understand. Love it. Hope it stays free.
136	This is the best app ever it make hilarious videos the fist one a made I posted on facebook and everybody loved it.  It's super easy to easy to use and is the funniest thing ever!!!!!!!!!  Get it now!!
359	Really great app. Helps me keep track of my spending, has great graphing capabilities, auto categorization & an export feature. Extremely well done. I show this app to everyone!
543	When a brain tumor all but wiped out my short-term memory, I found myself struggling in every area of my life-- including work  I am self-employed, and therefore need to be on top of my job at all times  Thank you Evernote!  I'm now regaining some confidence that what I'm doing is right!
35	I take this on the mountain and on the bike trail. Continually improving in surprising ways. Keep up the great work!
376	Works perfect and picks up a ton of stations that are really far.
235	Very easy to use !!!
47	Great for daily readings. I love it.
646	Great app that is very user friendly
709	Addictive! Love saving things to read later and finding so many crafty ideas!!
201	Perfect for storing all the crazy pics you have.
711	Excellent!!!! Love Love Love!!!! I have so many new recipes and design ideas Its so fun to see what friends like and pin also
97	I find that this app does exactly what I wanted it to do- display meaningful data from all the iPhone sensors. Very clear and intuitive interface. It's really the only tool of it's type I need.
304	It's good and easy to use.
712	Love this app This app is fantastic and very user friendly
22	I use this app almost every weekend while exploring back roads and trails by motorcycle. Functionality is excellent while on the road as well as using the data to review later using Google Earth.   I've tried all the GPS tracking apps and this is the one I go back to every time.   I strongly recommend reading the users guide and watching the videos. 10 minutes spent learning the app will really pay off in how much use and function you get out of the app.
468	Probably the beat all around note taking app good for pretty much everything
639	Great app (&amp website) Extremely useful Real life reviews are always better than sales pitch brochures and recommendations I use this a lot, even if I'm not traveling The fun of exploring thru this app creates travel dreams and a great education
140	I added about 150 movies to the app very quickly! Every movie has been in the database.
387	I love having all my photos backed up automatically and not having to keep them on my phone
395	I love the new design for iOS 7
185	Love the app, use it all the time to check shipping activity in Puget Sound. Helpful whether on land or on the water.
461	Absolutely love this app Found out about it from a fellow Southwestair flyer Use it all the time for 'must saves' from twitter &amp the internet Easy to use with folders &amp tags Can keep all of my daily notes &amp thoughts close at hand
1	Urrrrm After my third re installing, it finally has scenery. Before hand, it was just black shapes everywhere. I could not even see the walls. This killed my internet as it is a very big game that takes half an hour to install - if you don't like the game, their is no chance of a refund. Once I finally got the proper game, it is very pretty with smooth graphics, an amazing sound track, and some of the best scenery I've ever seen on my tablet. In the next update, I want to be seeing the right installment first time, a chance of a refund, and free roam! Free roam was the best part of the old games, I would love to have it on my tablet! Thank you ?
190	Great app for viewing weather.
610	This app is great for the novice traveler I just started a new position within my company that requires me to travel and I always refer to Trip Advisor for ratings on hotels and good places to get a hot meal  I STRONGLY recommend this app!
698	Hmmm I love Pinterest!! My app won't allow me to share my pins with Facebook Darn Droids
452	I use evernote for most of my note taking, but now I have to pay 5 dollars a month just for a slightly longer note? Ridiculous!
259	I recently used this app during Hurricane Isaac. This app refreshed faster and was much more reliable than the other two with the big websites. Get it. You may need it when it counts. I did.
151	Graphics are very nice. The game play is amazing, a lot of quick thinking. Plus you get to upgrade constantly. The one thing that bugs me is how short the game is and the way it repeats itself. That being said, I won't get tired of playing for a while.
384	Good way to get an idea for a tat!!:)
188	I have been a P90X client for some time now and love the workout!  With the P90X app I now have the option of taking my workout to the gym or with me when I travel. Plus the nutrition journal makes it easier for me to keep track of what I eat during the day. For me it is a great app! Glad I purchased this app!
15	Just the link needed Perfect solution for my Android / Linux environment. Works well with Tasker.
529	I use my iPad to take notes for business meetings It automatically synchs with my iPhone and laptop
489	I'm loving the organization and ease Evernote brings to my life! It's new reminders feature has been amazing!
194	Great little app to have on phone. Handy for those spur of the moment shopping sprees.  And easy to use to list items also.
368	Getting better.and better. Really like getting quick data.
34	I keep tabs on my brother's flight info,  as he travels for work quite a bit. I'm a worrier by nature, so it's wonderful to be able to see the progress of his flights. I've always been able to pull them up easily & they've always been accurate. Great job!
319	This app made searching very easy, and quick. Get this app
717	Love love love it! I got this app because of my teenage daughter  I am not a computer inclined persone and I was looking for something easy to crop pictures with she assured me picsart would be easy it did take me a while to figure it out (and even longer to find out I could see other pics too) but now I don't send or post pics without using it So much so that now my mother is using it! Love love love picsart!
722	Picsart Awesome photo editor
500	iPhone, Mac, kindle It's always there and once I get the hang of the updates, even better  Thanks!
476	The only app I couldn't live without! Practical, easy to use, beautiful  design  user experience, use it multiple times per day
266	"I just blew $54 to sign up for three months of Weight Watchers because of this ap only to discover that this ap is not nearly as good as the free ap called ""Lose It!"" When my Weight Watchers membership expires, I will continue watching my food intake with Lose It!  Meanwhile, I am monitoring my progress using both aps so the transition will be seemless. So far, I'm finding that Lose It! is much faster and easier to use."
677	Addictive I love to pin the things that interest me and watch as other people enjoy my pinning
214	Simple enough to use and I love the recurring transactions. No more forgetting and figuring out how to balance my checkbook every month. The other reason I got the app is because it can export to Quickbooks although I have not used that feature yet. The reports are great. Would love to be able to have main categories and sub-categories. That's the only thing missing in my opinion to make this a truly robust stand-alone financial management app. Keep up the good work!
499	Ok what don't I use Evernote for? Nothing! I use for everything! Storing contacts, business cards, my son's artwork, recipes, food journals, workout logs, useful documents, receipts, magazine clippings  In this new version I can finally edit notebooks on my phone I'm 99% mobile I love that you can access your notes from anywhere  My husband has the Evernote pen an takes notes during his meetings He looses his notebooks but the pen syncs with Evernote and all his handwritten notes are there Super cool! I also use Evernote Food App (which syncs with Evernote) Awesome!
222	This app is great. Presents challenges for all ages. Quick yet stimulating. Only wish there was another level to play cuz its super addictive.
272	Easy to use to manage my account.
237	Love this site it nails every question I have ever asked.very helpful and resourceful.once I found i could download this app for my phone it made it so much more convienant for us.my family goes by it and we love it!
696	Love it I love, love, love being able to pin things on the run I love being able to access those pins on the run!  If only I could text a pin or the link to friends that aren't pinners yet
583	Love trip advisor I use it every time I'm out of time for restaurants and have never gone wrong I have tried other food apps and they are not even close to being as accurate A plus is the fact they don't mess with rating fast food restaurants Who needs a star rating for a McDonalds, Burger King, etc?  Also very good for finding a good hotel
89	I don't need to bring big gadgets in the field. It works great, it has saved me so many times. Just click and send email or fax.
164	Very nice !!!!!
496	I love the fact that Evernote allows me to sync my notes between each of my devices and computers I use it everyday to keep everything right in front of me I wish the interface a bit different Maybe the option of colored notes?
150	I bought this app for use in a pharmacology course for AODA counseling. I continue to use the app almost daily. Easy to use and more updates available frequently. The author even responded via email when I had a question. Link to full prescribing info is available when more technical info is needed. Especially useful for quick but thorough overviews of drugs are needed. Still very inexpensive when compared to other medical resources. Cheap enough to try it!
43	I enjoy sending verses to my friends on my iPhone
629	I used it to plan ahead my stays for business or pleasure My wife got me into it Nice to used when you are looking for restaurants and or safe places to visits when I'm abroad    I highly recommend to use it when overseas
622	I use this app quite a bit to find restaurants and hotels, both near and far And I contribute quite a bit Definitely worth using!
651	Using it to read up on the places we will be going both before we booked for the reviews, and after booking for tips and tricks Mobile access to the forums is also great
362	I am able to find most of the music I like and I can play anywhere I go...
687	? it! Me and kids adore pinterest They have a lot of room ideas for my girls And help me with ideas for parties and all kinds of gathering and celebrations Also lets me post my crafty side and get more feedback Thanks pinterest! )
232	For simple transfers and just checking up on your account, this app is golden. For anything else, I cannot say either way.
706	Additive!
718	Nice photo editor I can make everything i want on this editor, it depends on how creative you are, very useful
393	Convenient! No more lugging the laptop or losing a thumb drive My files are accessible anytime, anyone, from any of my devices or another's With three full time students in the house the affordable upgrade holds docs, data, music and more! Lots of room available More convenient and more affordable than an external drive
670	GooD App Very user friendly
197	I am truly amazed at how well this app works..the thing that stands out to me the most is the fact that when I am recording my voice for translation, IT ACTUALLY UNDERSTANDS ME!! I have a very deep voice and I have never had any type of software that was able to take what I said and convert it to the correct version..I am very very very pleased with this app..you should get it ??
604	When you search for something and they don't have it in their database the only option you have is to add the place or completely close out and get back in it to go back to the search bar
292	Audiobooks and e books from the library this app is wonderful!
435	Once I learned to use the notebookmultiple tag search I was very pleased with the new update  I use Evernote for my GTD system and primarily work on iPad  The new graphics are great  Thanks for my most used app
56	This app is great. I know people complain about making an account, but it fits my needs and I do not need anything on my computer. Dropbox works great!
69	I have been using this product for 5 days and I love it.  If you are seeking for an app mainly to write school paper, do basic spreadsheet, and reading PDF articles, this is the one.  Of course, you can't compare to iWork apps because they will definitely beat this app in terms of looks and quality (called great marketing).  But if you are a poor student like me, paying student loans, and are seeking for an app mainly to write papers and read docs, I recommend with this one. I have not tried the PowerPoint yet, so I can't say much about it.
60	I have sold and bought many things using Craigslist.
297	I currently own a Ti-89 Titanium that I use quite often. This application has made it so I don't need to carry thy around as much. I have only spent five minutes playing with it but it is going to be amazing.
107	Since signing up I've lost 10 lbs in 2 weeks it's great
303	The first and best app for parking rates at any place. What a life saver. The most useful app.
656	TripAdvisor let's us know how we are doing through our clients candid comments A great way to improve all the time!
392	I love the idea of Dropbox but my cloud does the same thing My videos take a really long time to upload I think it froze ( If the app didn't take up space on my iPad then I would be impressed )
152	Awesome graphics
344	Save a lot of money
44	I love having a new verse pop up every morning. Great for on the go, and if you're looking for a verse pertaining to a certain category whether it be encouragement, patience, etc. Very convenient. And beautiful background pictures.
462	The more I use Evernote, the more ways I find to use it Love the excellent and consistent multi-platform experience and sync
309	Great app, always works and is spot on!
2	Does exactly what it says on the tin Effecient enough to check and respond to my emails
163	I love this app on my phone and iPad, too. It's accurate and easy to add/delete cities. I love the graphics, too
210	A must-have for students, or anyone who wants to improve their word power!
497	The sync process between my phone and computer can be cumbersome
366	Great app to find free stuff
631	I downloaded the city app while I was travelling and was very happy to find that the maps worked even without using data
33	Nice app.. Keep tracks on my flights. Easy :) and on time
541	Great tool to consolidate your notes
147	This is exactly what I was looking for in an iPhone banking/checking app.
643	I found this app pretty helpful overall for finding hotels and reading reviews, however the search feature was a bit limited and didn't allow me to filter by brand name easily This would be a nice feature to add
492	Simple, easy to use note taking app Sometimes not all notes are available when not on wireless network
122	Excellent app, integrates well with Google Reader. A must-have app on all of my iDevices.
42	This app is a fixture in my college studies. Good Reader technology turbo charges my research and puts me ahead of the pack. I couple it with Instapaper, papers, and an air printer app or two and the power is in my hands (and pocket).
638	While visiting in Philippines discovered TA while evaluating lodging choices Then discovered all the related features which included rich info on local eateries and things to see and do Yelp included nothing in the Philippines It's the strong international contribution by the users (like me) that make this App really good It won a place on my home page
453	I am using this to reduce paper clutter in my house So far, so good Notes from the kids' school and organizations get photographed and organized in one notebook Notes for parties in another Ideas for the house are organized too, including pictures from home and garden magazines Love it so far I am a little worried, however, that I need access to the Internet for it Not sure if this will work then
607	I love trip advisor!! Be it reading reviews or writing reviews myself! I'm totally hooked!!! It's spot on!! Love it!
134	I love it now i can make people look fat and it is so easy
244	Syncing is a bit tricky at first, but otherwise wonderful. Reading interface is fab!
421	I use several apps for PDF viewing and one feature that keeps me on the prowl for the holy grail of PDF viewers, is an app that supports PDF markup Being a musician and heavy e-reader, I rely heavily on PDF markup   Dropbox, give us some simple PDF markup abilities, eg, highlight, pen, erase, opacity, and you will put several PDF viewer apps to bed Couple these features with the ability to share a folder of PDFs with other Dropbox users and you've converted me, and countless others, to PDF viewing through Dropbox
205	Very practical, easy, and for all music lovers.
524	I use this app all the time to keep track of notes, recipes, general info, favorite restaurants, etc  I do some organizing up front, but the real benefit is everything is then searchable and available on both my computers, phone and tablet  Excellent and useful!
165	Very helpful in planning my day. Gives hour by hour estimated weather that is just as accurate as any other weather report. Love the graphics behind all of the information. It mostly follows the weather that is expected for the hour which adds a lot of visual interest.
156	Outstanding!  You will enjoy listening to podcats on this app!
504	There is always room for improvement but this app has replaced no less than 3 other apps, and now with reminders it is my go-to application for pretty much anything task or project related
439	I use EN constantly through the day for various productivity tasks It performs well and all my devices are always in sync, so my files and notes are always handy No crashes or complaints with the new design It just works and I love it
324	No matter where I travel, it's very accurate to use.
491	I love that I can have post it notes without the post its Love that I can take picture notes and get a memory jog just by looking at the 'post it' Good app I'll upgrade when I use up all the space )
700	Great app for building a wardrobe Used Pinterest to create a capsule wardrobe Excellent app
148	I have already submitted a review when I first downloaded stating That this App is the best. Well, yesterday it proved itself. I have a health condition and yesterday I had to go to the hospital. I just emailed myself my list, printed it and was able to give it to doctor. Even the Nurses and Doctors were impressed.   There is one thing, however, that I think would make this App even better. Add a COMMENT Area so you can write comments regarding yourself or the medications or whatever.
269	This is such an awesome app to use if you want to communicate in a fun way!! I recommend this app to you ????
8	I  like using this application for my embroidery business. Enjoy using this application for my business.
519	I am enjoying this app and how I can place items that I want to review at a later time    I use it to save recipes or articles of interest to read at a later time
458	Easy camera function allows for adding recipes right to notebook Separate notebooks make keeping all pieces of a project together regardless of media Used it for remodeling projects, and it's where I keep my collection of recipes, regardless of initial source Have used it for about a year and unlike other apps, I'm still using it
625	I've been using this app to plan and manage an overseas trip It has Ben great so far withstand couple of minor issues When left running in the background on some modes, I think it keeps location services on which seems to be draining my battery faster than usual I'm not sure if it is that, or in just using it more than normal It'd be great if there was a way to see my 'saves' sorted by distance as well as a way to mark them as seen Finally, when I'm using this while traveling, I really don't want to use international roaming to upload a review, but remind me later waits about 5 minutes and them pesters me again, so a star off for that
10	Works I needed a app that allowed me to print to my house using my wifi. This app worked perfectly and easy to setup. Make sure you share your printer if using a home network and an install all the drivers for that printer. If not may have issues.
586	I have used this for vacations to Paris, Miami, and Cape Cod  Always find fun things to do and good food
334	Finally. A secure place for my private photos. No more worrying about things being accidentally seen. Buy this.
585	We really enjoy this app while traveling When you're on the road and you're ready to stop to eat, this is a great app to find a good place We have found some really good places to eat that we would not have known about Having a map to get you there also helps     One small issue I have is that when you ask what's near you, or when you use a filter, not everything shows up  An example is that I was trying to find info on a brew pub near our motel  It didn't show up on the map and when I asked for pubs near my current location it didn't show up in the search  But, when I searched by name, there was the pub and reviews
209	This is a very useful tool when posting animal that I have up for adoption!
544	I love the do-anything note capabilities text, inline photos, audio files, web-clips (which I have yet to become proficient with, but will)!    The cross-platform access to your notes on the cloud is brilliant and a HUGE time saver!    This app, combined with the inexpensive bluetooth keyboard that I bought recently have given me a power mobile information gathering and organizing capability
18	You're probably thinking why pay when you can get something similar for free...I thought the same thing and finally ponied up (do you really spend *that* much more/less on a cup of coffee?) and the value it's added on a daily basis is invaluable. Time tables are pretty accurate, but what I love are the service advisories that constantly change every weekend and the neighborhoods maps, not to mention the last minute emergencies on lines due to a water main break or police incident or what have you. Better to plan your trip to avoid a certain line rather than find out at the station when yellow tape is blocking your way, and you have to walk a half mile to catch another line and find out the same thing before saying SOD it and catching a cab. Has saved me so much in time.
420	This was a long wait, very glad to have this feature!
270	Great for uploading receipts on the go. Easier than reconciling on the computer.
82	I love This app honestly I don't care if there are mistakes in some stories it's normal. This is app is great! Download now! It's worth 99 cents.
538	Love it Haven't gotten too much in place yet, but already I've come to depend on this Few things to make it 'The One' for my organizing heart, in the most drool-inducing order 1 Ability to swipe through notes, like flipping pages in a books 2 Sub-foldersnotebook 3 Ability to highlight (re-positionable sticky notes are a dream) 4 Colors! I get cross-eyed hunting through a long list of same  colored notebooks The ability to sort and organize by color would be wonderful I'd know exactly what section to go to rather quickly  This has let me collect my notes from my Palm, Blackberry, iPhone, PCwherever, and put them in one place I feel so un-scattered Amazing how much information we and Evernote can hold
336	Great app especially for fantasy news. One of the great sources i use to get info first. Only thing is freezes for a min when you are scrolling on a article.
119	I actually believe this app is totally awesome in helping me prepare for my boards. However, just as the muscle name is given in audio; I wish there was an option hearing all the muscles info in audio. For me, retaining info comes better in audio, activities, and constant quizzing.
575	Extremely helpful in France We only went to restaurants rated by TA
438	I like the concept and automation using the subject line
92	My son loves this game it gave him a different prospective on addition and subtract which helped him grasp the concept. He loves earning money and buying the stickers. He had totally improved in school.
725	Amazing!! ive been using for almost 1yr!!!!!! OmgYou can do so much on this app One of the best photo editor! Love it OMG I just updated it its Heaven!!!!!!! Film Is the best omgg!!!
358	This app was easy to use. I'm so glad I found it!
576	Reviews are great but Tilripadvisor reads them first They review photos too I have a negative review and they wouldn't post the photos Something about the photos not being clear! Bullsh$t!  They were mint and I even had my BF take photos and give them to me  Ridiculous!  Speaking the truth is a problem for them I had undercooked chicken and they didn't want to post that I could've been sick If they prefer to alter reviews then why bother!!
133	This is probably the app I am the most thankful for on my iPhone -- perhaps second to Omnifocus. Thanks to this app and the care given it by its development team, my wife and I are finally budget -- not account. The account balance is servant to the budget and how we have planned to spend our income.   If you are moving from something like Quicken, then there is a bit of a learning curve. The YNAB website is there with excellent video tutorials to help you work through questions and situations. Awesome resource.   Looking forward to iCloud sync and the possibilities it presents. Again, great app.
713	Excellent site You can't go wrong here! However, don't join if you don't have a few hours each day to kill Highly addictive!
124	Love app easy to use
691	Amazing I love that I can even upload my own personal photos and have them as a pin!!
591	I'm planning a trip to Italy for myself and several friends and the information and reviews on trip advisor have been invaluable  How else would I know about cooking classes in Cortona? Or about which tours in Rome, Florence and Venice are the best value?
245	Great app!!! Helps me organize  The only suggestion I would have to to add a tab under HOMEWORK to organize by what date my assignments r due..   Otherwise it's an AMAZING APP!
195	This is a great app. I've used ODB on my iPod Touch and then my iPhone before I got an iPad 2. Each version is more refined. I like the way that the app remembers my choice of Bible version (currently 'The Message') when I tap on the Scripture for the day. This isn't the case with the iPhone app. One always has to change the version from the default.  There are a couple formatting issue suggestions:  1. The poem at the bottom of the page is almost never formatted like the online website. It would be nice if the lines were stacked and not simply strung out in a row. 2. One of the things I've always enjoyed are the cover photos. The cover for the current month shows in the upper righthand corner, but there is no way to enlarge it. One would think that a simple double-tap could bring up the cover art full screen? 3. When traveling I don't always have a wifi link, so having issues cached is nice. In those instances I simply use my Bible app (or print version) to get the Scripture for the day. I don't expect (or want) ODB to cache the Scripture from Biblegateway.com on my device, but it would be nice if there was a way in the app set-up to direct the ODB app to my Olivetree app onboard for the Scripture of the day. May be too difficult for what is already an elegant app.  Keep up the good work!
390	That moment I figured out I could transfer photos from my iPhone to laptop faster via dropbox than plugging my phone into the USB port
580	I always read all the reviews while we are traveling on the road My husband and I crisscross the country every summer and I am the navigator I find most reviewers to be honest if you read all of them or at least half, you can get a pretty good opinion Many times I didn't pay attention to a negative review because I thought they had some sort of personal problem and was sorry afterwards Trip advisor is a good opinion to take into account when you are traveling in a new place and have no idea where to go
534	I use this app more than any of the others, regardless of category I love the ability to sync on all of my computers so I am always up to speed
88	Someecards are super funny! They're a great way to give someone a good laugh. Sometimes I just like to look through them because they're fun to read.
236	Very detailed gps even tracks laps at my local park
211	It guesses is every time! Got all of one direction even Cher Lloyd! I love this app??????
663	I like it It is that best way to chat every  one
227	Takes a minute to get use to it. But with a snake draft. It is the perfect app. Loved it and was happy with my picks. Didn't have to turn pages on a magazine to find my next pick.
86	This ap has gotten me back to my truck after getting lost on my dirt bike quite a few times. Worth every penny!
674	Best Cross Platform App Ever! The idea of a seamlessly connected world brought to life Simply brilliant!
356	Thanks for making an app to manage my account. Better than the mobile site.
374	There's so many cool selections??
83	I'm ten and this stuff does not scare my and I'm  10 YEARS OLD!!!!
118	Well worth it. Great tool for review and on the spur of the moment reference.
162	I use skritter for learning Japanese and it's an application that requires flash, however I mainly study on my iPhone and probably wouldn't keep up with the SRS if I was only able to access the program on my computer. Thanks to splashtop, now I can practice on the go. (that sounds like a infomercial lol)
11	The best! I really like the features especially the stickers ?
486	Impressed by its versatility in terms of the type of note one can take It's great to have the ability to input URL, photos, audio, and text And great that it has desktop integration for a computer  The drawback that I've encountered is though it offers labels it doesn't offer folders Editing and the dashboard in the app could use an easier interface Still good app though
553	I love this App it helps me a lotwhen travelling, specially if you take your time to read the reviews!  These are from real people, not critics! I love it!
345	This is a great app for a family on a bujet
510	This is by far the best organizational app around I use it dozens of times a day, for everything from work to helping me plan my wedding to grocery shopping lists Excellent
26	Love it's multifunctionality. Able to do multiple business and year prior expenses etc!
616	I love having trip advisor on my iPhone and iPad Just discovered the nifty point me there feature Awesome for us directionally challenged folks
3	Best of what's available I've purchased a few of these word emulator apps and Office Suite is the best. It's very easy to edit with the toolbars. I would give it a five but there are some word spacing issues and I've lost edits occasionally when saving to Dropbox
4	Finally an Office Suite which works great I have gone through so many office suite and tried to find the suite which best support most common Microsoft Office suite applications. Finally this suite fills that suite to 80%. If the Font package was part of the suite then I would have given 95% and 5 star.
5	Pretty good! I've edited many photos using this application already. Something to probably address is the photo not always saving what you're looking at in the preview. The beautify tool is a good example of this, as it may look fine in preview, but when you save it, you don't exactly get the same quality. Sometimes it turns out a little pixalated, but overall a remarkable app! I use this in conjunction with other apps.
12	Awesome PDF performance Latest update has improved PDF viewing performance by a significant amount. No more waiting for the content to appear while swiping through pages.
13	Love it! I really love this game, game play is amazing and for this being a mobile based game the graphics are stunning.
14	Beautiful Keep it up.. this far is the most usable app editor.. it makes my photos more beautiful and alive..
16	Excellent From the developers of the best file manager for android. Works like a charm on my S4, Droid Razr and Note II.
17	This game is really fun and a great way to learn facts, geography, capitals, landmarks and locations of all of the great states in the United States! My nephews are into strategically placing the stacks. Super learning fun!
20	Having fun. I never had much interest in astronomy, but this app has changed everything.
21	Lots of fun to use... We live in a unpopulated area and it's neat to pick out which stars are what. The app works very well!
23	I cannot believe how amazing the new changes are. If you mountain bike, hike, camp, or travel this is a must need app! It now tracks altitude, pace, speed, and about every other stat you need in any unit of measure. By far this is the best app I have!
24	Makes it easy to keep track of mileage
25	This is, hands down, the most useful app. I had the lite version but decided it was worth the money to upgrade. It makes it so much easier than the guess and check on the calendar. I love it!!
27	This ap is great, really puts your collection at your fingertips! I really like how easy it is to manage your wine collection, buying, drinking or storage notes. Love it!
28	This app is beast! The best thing is, is that it doesn't need Internet! Because I have an iPod touch so I don't have Internet on it in public. I recomend  this app!
29	This is a great little app especially for those with hectic schedules it keeps you in like for visual people like me.
30	...so I haven't yet installed the latest version. Though I love the holiday bonuses (I laughed aloud last night when I saw what was flying by 'overhead'), I agree that an on/off switch for them would've been good, rather than implementing/removing for all.   As for the app itself, I LOVE it. I live out in the desert where there are plenty of stars visible. It's nice to finally confirm my semi-novice identifications and 'meet' new stars and constellations.
31	Live sky does not work on my touch. Also, doesn't find my correct locAtion. So close to being like the Droid app...but off by a parsec.
32	I have used for this app for a few years now.  It just keeps getting better.  I Tavel a lot so it is very useful.  My only complaint is not about function but wanting to charge for upgrades.   But if you travel a lot it's worth it.
39	Easy to use and very accurate. A must for any traveler!
40	I just finished up a weekend of playing and it was the first time I have used this product. I was more than impressed with it! The setlist option was my favorite part. We played several different times throughout the weekend and being able to program the songs into setlist form made it super easy to transition between songs. I highly recommend this product and can't wait to use it again!
41	For the price, it's great. I've been using quicken for 5 years now, but I've switched to this app 2 years ago. My wife and I use the sync option and are now keeping a budge very easily. Awesome app- needs a desktop version!
45	I don't have to look for a Missal in a crowded Mass.  I enjoy following along on my IPod Touch. Thank you
46	I love the convenience I having daily readings right at my fingertips, and when I travel to Europe for the semester, I don't know if I could live without it!
48	This is an excellent app to use in the daily devotional reading of the mass readings.  Well done!
49	What a bargain for all the benefits I receive daily from this app!!  The audio is especially good to have.  Reading (or listening) to the daily Mass readings has been a great help to me.  I also like having the prayers for the start and end my day.  I consider this to be a must-have app for all busy Catholics.
50	"I needed a good flash card system for my Mandarin vocabulary, and this is everything I could have asked for.  If never heard of Quizlet before, but by enabling the extended keyboard for pinyin, and my Simplified Chinese keyboard, I was easily able to make a custom list of words.  ? (shu?) on one side, and ""water"" on the other for instance.  Inputting them to this app was super easy!  Very well done and totally worth the $4.  Quizlet is free, by the way."
52	Fantastic app ! Makes reading forums so much easier that now I find myself doing it more. Great!!
54	If you use forums a lot, you'll love this app!
55	Saved me so much cash =]
57	Sweet app. Thank you! I love it!!
61	This app is just like the website, except you have to pick an area instead of having them laid out for you. I love this app and use it every day!
62	Easy to find what you want and narrow the search.  The photo gallery feature is great when your first filter is how it looks.
63	Great
64	Amazing app for pics, my best editor for iPhone. Has lots of opptions; and love everything inn it.
65	I have used this for over a year and have never been disappointed. The sound quality is excellent on the iPhone.
66	Good app.  Gets me to the info I want quickly, and auto adjusts times to my time zone (many apps don't)
68	I love this app nothing better for the NASCAR fan!
70	I am thoroughly enjoying reading the older books. The authors back then had something that I think the majority of today's authors are lacking. I can totally loose myself in the stories.
72	///Update///  149 rounds recorded. iPhone 3GS. Battery 70-80% left after rounds. Still no side game tracking but the notes feature works somewhat for that. Finally fivesomes! Sixsomes! THE BEST APP FOR GOLF!  17 rounds under my belt with this app now and still very happy. The new in-app stats (v.1.3) blew me away!  Still waiting for side games (skins, etc.). I'm confused why so many golfers leave their phone on the entire round? I pull mine out as I'm walking up to my ball, usually while I'm 20-30 yards away, I get positive satellite lock by the time I'm standing over the ball, read my yardage and put the phone back to sleep. After putting I whip it out, score the entire foursome (takes about 15 seconds total) and then put it back to sleep. I consistently have 80-85% battery life after my round is complete.  Once we get side games/betting included in a future update I will be even more of a cheerleader for this app!    ////////////////////\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\ Used Golfshot for my last 6 rounds and I will continue to use it forever! It's accurate, easy to use, and being able to email your scorecard to your buddies and review actual stats for yourself are perks I didn't know I wanted, but now I can't live without!  Ended up being cheaper to buy a new iPhone 3GS AND this app than the skycaddie I was looking at. Stand alone golf GPS units are in serious trouble.
73	I have used this App for over 8 months, and is by far, the best golf GPS for the money. I had a sky caddie before, and it was not half as good as this app. Don't waste your money on any of the annual dues GPS units, buy this app and have everything you need.   I have the iPhone 4, and only uses about half the battery during a 4 1/2 to 5 1/2 hour round. Turn off your Wi-fi if it is using more battery life than that.   Anyway, must have for all serious golfers.
74	Provides for hours of uproarious entertainment!
75	Great app to keep track of hours. Especially if you're on salary or budgeting.
76	Trustworthy and reliable
77	This a great tool for a rapid lab consultation.
78	I think this is a fun app to play with, but after playing it for a few days, I have noticed it has the same story every time. First, you go to college or just get a career. Then you graduate/get career an then you have random things happen to you - vacation, a raise, etc. Then you get married, have kids, continue your career or get a new one, then you go live the rest of your life in your home.   Overall, it is a very enjoyable game, but , like many apps, you can get sock of it overtime.
79	Very interesting to read .i love reading about ghost true stories,and these are from people who took their time to share their ghost encounters.
80	Some stories are just down right terrifying. I have had experiences myself. So I can relate. It's a must buy for your iPad, iPhone, iPod!! No joke!
84	Recently used in several European cities and it was GREAT!
85	The best news, I always check Drudge first for the rest of the story!
87	It's just getting better and better. The signature capture is a huge time saver. Ever wonder how to put your contact info from their email into your Contacts, just copy their signature into this app, it will separate into different fields and put them in your iPhone Contacts. How great!
91	Love this app! Easy way to keep track of what's in my closet and mix and match pieces. Even better when I got an iPhone so I could take pictures of my clothes and load directly to the app. Perfect for any Fashionista!
94	Fast and convenient app to search for flights
95	I use powerOne all the time, whether for a simple conversion, or working out mortgage payments for a new dream house. Highly recommended!
96	A well engineered multipurpose calculator.  If the extensive template library doesn't have what you need you can easily create your own calculators without a steep learning curve. As a repeat customer since the Palm handheld days, I definitely consider this a great value.  Keep up the good work!
98	This app has helped me control my phones battery usage.
100	Great app keeps you informed of what's going on
102	"This app works wonders. ""Scans"" come out very clear and easy to send items. One of my most used apps!"
103	I use this app for completing my required expense report. Stores pics so you can return to them, pics are super clear. I'd only wish for a two per page option as the scans come back a full page. Overall, only $2. Hell of an app.
104	Best replacement app if your laptop is broken!!
105	This is a great educational app for students, especially the movies! It provides a great visual for abstract content.
108	Really like this app. It has been soo very helpful in tracking with everything instantly accessible. It really is amazing. Having previously worked in the weight loss industry for many years. I know that this is the key to planning and losing weight. I am doing well with both.
109	Simple to use. Works flawlessly.  Loads of books to choose from.  I'm a fan.
110	Nice presentation   Of course, the books come from Librivox and the quality varies according to the talents of the volunteers.  I have found that most of them read well.
111	The interface works great and mapping is nice :)   Only bug I've seen is Facebook integration at times.
113	Helps so much with meal planning and grocery shopping.  Cuts time off of both those activities.
114	A must have if you like to cook.  I think it is great!  Have tried a baked chicken wing recipe and was almost like deep fried.  I'm from Buffalo NY so I know.  Like being able to save Recipes in recipe box on the app. Get this app.
115	It is such a helpful app! People of all abilities will love it to help improve and learn!!!
116	On top of the other annoyances listed below, where is the support for Dropbox? The app looks pretty, but lacks a lot of the organizational support I use daily. Either iCloud needs folder support, or pages/numbers/keynote need Dropbox support!
117	Very useful. But it is difficult sometimes trying to type an essay without landscape mode. It is ridiculous how a word processing app doesnt let u type landscape.
120	I was very pleased with this app.  The graphics are excellent and the interface is very easy to use and navigate through.  The quiz options and video are a great bonus feature.  I am really satisfied (especially for the price) and look forward to trying out the other systems' software.  Nice Work!
121	The best app for finding quality apps.
123	Excellent for the moon during hunting season
125	What a great help on our trip!!!  It helped us maximize our time in the parks!!!  A must have
126	Very helpful in planning trip.
127	I love this app because it gives you lots of great ideas for your home.
128	A real lifesaver and eye opener for this iPad newbie.  I learned so much from this app.  Information is well written and easy to understand. Just wish my brain could retain it all for instant recall!
129	Did not give 5 stars because have found not all campgrounds are listed.  Sure is helpful though 99.5% of time.  Have used for gas, reservations for camps, restaurant locations, low clearances.  Awesome!
130	I was shocked to find the app includes overhead clearances and one can filter that down to what they are worried about.  Looks to be very thorough.  I have not yet tried it on the road but I am amazed at what I can find by sitting her in my house.  I am a little concerned about how much functionality I will find in remote locations with no cell service.  Time will tell.  I may have to update my rating when that situation arises which will be in 4 weeks.  Happy camping everyone!
131	This application has been a lifesaver! It actually remotely sinks with both my IPhone and IPad . I love it!
132	Great idea and it works great too!
135	this is definitely becoming one of my favorites.  the videos are updated daily with new episodes of most stuff and the others are updated usually weekly because they are weekly shows.  i am happy i picked this up.
137	Intuitive, limitless possibilities. Brings your artistic side out.
138	"I love checking in to see the weather forecasts! And it's such a beautiful perspective of our planet!!! It takes me outside of my usual ""local"" mentality."
139	Its really fun and any age can play it and enjoy it! Will get you busy for a long time!
141	Great app! Amazing features! Perfect for movie collectors. I love it!
142	And the fact people are freaking about how real it is is why i give it a 5. It bases its replies off human replies so its very realistic but varies so much.
143	I'm so impressed with this App! I tell everyone how it benefit & teaches everyday.
144	Great App to have around... No more need to carry a Dictionary or Thesaurus.
145	Reader works great though editing on some books is off enough to be  distracting.  Like the user interface and quick loading. Still struggling to figure out how to download (or find) other books as selection is rather limited.
146	Love this app because it helps me keep my finances in order. Easy to use!
149	This is easy to use and it helps keep up with meds and allergies for everyone in the household.  I love the med check feature.  It helps me to be a little more knowledgable about things to discuss with my doctor.  Great app!
153	Told me I was 31 when in 13 very sad app lowers self asteem lol don't get this app it is misleading and very inaccurate do not waste ur time
154	Cooooool app ??????
158	If the stars could higher I would rate them as so. Want to be an orthopedic surgeon and this is the best app I've ever came across for learning the skeletal system!!! I would recommend it to anyone from a surgical trainee to a high school A&P student! The best, can't say it enough!
159	A very fun and easy way to keep up with your heart rate...also quite accurate!!!
160	This is a short Halloween story. There are several puzzles and a simple story showing Mickey who is later joined by friends. My 2 1/2 year old will probably like it, but the 4 year old will be bored quickly. For one dollar this is ok.
161	This app is a great tool to have for just about all types of foodies.
166	Great app and I live how it gives the sky look for the place I'm checking.
167	Weather app is awesome and very easy to use!
168	This app is the best!!! The screensavers are so mesmerizing and makes you think you are looking right outside!! I love it!!!
169	Beautiful display and lots of info instantly
170	Good ,I like it. Is accurate . And high tech
171	Continues to amaze . . . with information  and views of stellar objects.
173	This has everything I wanted Craigslist to have but which they NEVER THOUGHT OF!  I love to be able to see the large size pics, circle the ads I like, and cross off the ones I have no interest in.  I haven't tried to upload a picture from my Ipad.  Hope it will do that.  Thanks to whoever developed this ap!!!
174	I love this app!  Easy to navigate and easy to post to!   One of my favorites!  :)
177	This app is a must have in your arsenal of bible memorization.
178	Great way to keep up on your crossfit progress.
179	Excellent app & easy to use, can see where storms are developing and if they are coming. You can play or do one frame at a time.
180	Very nice radar app. Easy to use
182	Works great! Maps are good, better than my Garmin. Default is the lowest cache amount so make sure you turn up the cache amount so you don't find yourself without any maps when you lose service. Make sure you scout your area with the maps you want before hunting so it will cache your map area for when you lose service you still can use your cached maps. Best 5 bucks spent for those who want a good hunting GPS.
183	I love this app it is really handy when u r out in the woods
184	The new release shows what a mature iOS app should look like. It performs incredibly well, while offering most features (if not all) that users could want. Not only is it now offered at a lower price, but there is an option to enhance the application with an upgrade. Since few users need the enhancements, it is a great way to offer them.
186	Really like this app. It is a very easy way to journal
700	"Not bad. For a mobile phone game this is pretty impressive.  It's nice to now be able to get my ""Pirate"" fix while on the road when I'm not able to play Black Flag at home."
2398	Samira othman Apps
1237	It's exactly the same as the free version it's nothing like the pics gggggrrrrrrr
2692	Great I love pinterest, and the mobile app is great I almost never have issues with pinterest
2574	Useful Awesome application and useful Thank
2516	Great , ok
629	Disapointed Developer pls optimize it for galaxy grand duo., and hope in modern combat 5 its comopatible with this grand duo too., not all can buy  high n phones all the time. Im really a fan of Modern Combat. Pls update and optimize it and il giv 5 star
1710	Reviewed by EasyJournaling Com  Loved it from Day One
1801	Can't update your latest bug fix
2803	Love it It's such a wonderful site I can find anything I want Love that it's so much easier to use on my phone now also
1580	It worked great through about 40 cards. Then I submitted three cards and it was pending for a few weeks. Needs work but could be one of the best.
3274	Very well Works excellent thank you!!
2767	Great Ap ! Love this Ap it works great and I get all kinds of wonderful ideas from amazing People
2747	love it!! super convenient having all of my recipes, tips, crafts & diy at my fingertips!!
2176	My go-to app when travelinglove it
47	Why doesn't the music work Upsetting to have a clip made but NO music... Tried it for my business and this Is actually very disappointing.
2878	Awesome! I love this app so much! I do wish I could change my board cover and have more categories like on the website
3070	l love it its  better  then others
2476	Worst Atleast reply and help   Worst since four days trying to register everytime they cut balnce for verification them send voice verification nd then fails that also  crap  negative star
1700	Since they did a new update almost all my JPEG take too much time to open or even don't open I need to save the file to see the photo on my iPhone   How can I have the old version?????
2350	loved awesome
1069	This product does what it says.
3193	Cool app Awsome app works fantastic just love it !!! Wow
1001	Awesome
201	Seems fun This seems like a fun game but keeps crashing whenever it goes to a new screen. I think it takes to much ram.
248	Still crashes Crashes on my Nexus 4
766	Good I happy this app
306	Improvements? Disappointed that the video button defaults to phones original on my Nexus 5, but VERY disappointed that an email to their customer support goes unanswered.  I guess they want your money for no old fashioned back up service.  If you have a problem - Beware!
1091	Great app
2707	Brilliant Love this app? Samsung Galaxy S3 Mini
2645	Ral Good
3136	Excellent Excellent
1155	I love it- it's fun to play on boring car rides?
1016	"My only complaint with this otherwise wonderful app is the absence of any warning for the bottomless ""hole-in-time"" this thing hides. If you are not very careful, you will fall into this hole (which isn't marked in any fashion by a navigation tool that marks everything else) and your family or friends may lose you. Leave a note and tell them where you went, and don't worry, you'll meet thousands of new friends down in that hole! Finally, I wrote/chatted with the guy who wrote this - good man and thanks for this jewel!"
1284	It brings me lots of trouble in giving wrong information, don't bother!
2731	Perfect! !! Absolutely my favorite app!
2913	i love this app everything you want to see is here
3287	omg omg it's awesome I luv it &lt3
1797	I did not give permission to upload pics The settings say its off yet it continues to upload STOP!!!
3020	2 thumbs up Good
1177	Really Great!
3245	Works Excellent I love it
1679	It works!
2066	this new update won't let me open the app anymore ???? please fix it! I use this app for everything and I really need it
585	Its cool Nice
2307	Sonia kaur Welcom
158	Doesn't work well After few weeks it stopped working with box. Sent 2 emails to support no reply.
2503	Can't get enough Brilliant app Switched to a Samsung Galaxy Note 2 after an iPhone and noticed the option to switch off timestamps is unavailable on Samsung devices If this could be included in the next update, 5 star rating sorted
872	Bugged The last update caused the game to stop working. It won't even start now. Please fix.  New update still didn't fix anything. :/
2458	Awesome Awesome app
2095	Never disappointed me Always have some better opinion on hotels and restaurants
1021	Nothing like listening in on big brother!
3236	Awesome Picsart Is The Best Editing Photo App
2794	Julie Robin Life changer
1597	Very fun but the server is apparently not that big for all users. My app keeps getting errors when I try to open it and play where I don't get that with other games. Haven't been able to play all day
1037	No words, just I love it, definetely 3$ very good invested!!!
547	Black screen during call We need an option to disable proximity sensor. As soon as the screen goes black, there is no way for it to get back to normal again.
744	Nice V gud
1339	I think it is very helpful to me being a first semester nursing student. I believe it will help me in level two with applying knowledge to diseases.
2259	This app is grate for planning va-kays and activities and restaurants awesome
88	Game will not install. Only displays 0MB/0MB download status screen. Note 3, Android 4.3
2136	What a great aop
1083	This app is very useful!!! It helped me with things
906	I love. This. Game
2172	The app could be easier to use but it has become an essential when traveling
2565	Excellent THE BEST ONE
2860	Amazing!!! I love this app!!!!!!!! I'm addicted!!!! Its so fun! There's nothing I would change)
1792	Cannot download latest update, it was working fine for a year and then the updates started I felt I needed to give this two stars because its been four days and they haven't fixed it yet I use this app for work and now I can't
3182	Just stops   Sucks
2127	I like using trip advisor to look for restaurants in areas along with hotels I like the fact when there is a negative report, the owner can rebuttal it online
2407	Thanks Hi very good apps
2894	Hai Gold
1123	I just bought this last night. I tried it this morning before showing my daughter and it crashes 3 seconds after I try and open it. I unfortunately didn't read the reviews before I bought this as it sounds like this is happening to everyone. I want my money back.
1839	Non-starred files occupied more than 600 MB and I have no way to reduce itit eats out all my ipad space
1244	Best game on the i-phone!
1019	Great app, but I  agree, needs more coverage.
2392	070710 Antonio
2841	So helpful Love love it )
2078	It's great and all but I have all my work and school work on google drive and I wish that it could sync with google drive cuz I love taken notes in this!
2208	Simply excellent
753	Best game I've played on Android
506	@ Not bad
801	BEST APP For photo editing, it is the best app ever. It has everything for make photo special
1586	Great apo
2286	Finebt cud b improved!! Its d most popular app in any smartphn But it has becum too slow since d last update!! Pls fix!! Odrwse it s a 5 on 5 material!!
2315	Excellent Excellent
2877	Great Love it!!! Addicting to
962	Excellent
673	Good Nice
1243	5 stars.
3281	Grt app, not just editing d picsbt lso u can create ur own fun wid it! Its a must, bt sumtyms it stops workingidk y
1067	:]
641	:D Not bad.. ;)
2390	Best chating app Its good app for android mb
1245	Dump and stupid interface.
3266	Cool Best Love it
3155	Its good It s a nice app
508	Ok Ok
3142	Am thankful very good! Very good
1074	I just installed on my 3Gs and it took forever to load .. Now when I tap  on it it's just a blank white screen .. I'm pissed
1431	Lack of clarity and is not easy to use
793	Great I luv It
505	No ignore list on Nexus 7 with android 4.3 Fix it please.
898	ANYW Very good AV
2272	Love this app  Very helpful
2681	The best I love it!
1520	It makes you and your friends laugh out loud
995	I use this every night... It amazes me how little sleep I get most nights. I have made sleeping more of a priority since using it. I can see the difference!
1953	Upgraded to latest version (iOS 7) and lost all but three of my notes I've tried the Sync Now several times and nothing Fortunately all my notes are still on my laptop, but still?   And I don't need to be reminded to go Premium on every screen, thank you very much
2443	1021 No
487	Black screen I get black screen after using flash. It seem to be random. Anyone else experienced the same problem?
2140	Trying to sign in &amp write review Never verifies Must have bugs
1530	For some reason when you ask someone about this app they will not tell you well I found it
185	Terry Slow printing pictures
1007	good app, but to make it a great app, video would be a great feature. A must need is to make the timer continuous. After the 5 sec. countdown it would be great for it to restart automatically for continuous self shots. Please add that.
2322	good better app for best link with all
1458	Ok I really like this app I just cant find where all of the ringtones are saved to
1151	Latest upgrade is terrible. Fix it. It worked better before
1427	These program it's very good one
2438	Not good Ganta whts app h y
2117	Wonderful for exploring new places and your own backyard
741	Excellent Too many features, enjoying the application.... easy to use.... more options
3220	Awesome Awesome!
3278	awesme wrk this app is a nce wrk!!!!! its best photo editng app!! still u can improve a bit bt other wise great job desreves 5 star
1958	No notes showing up All the notebooks are there but they are all empty Boo
329	Ok
2290	Yes Top
1242	"It needs a few things like some more cheats and another game mode:Zombies or instead just call it ""walking dead syndrome"" superb app, though"
124	I
1336	Your so screwed when Howard leaves your product is pathetic your app is pathetic. It's been 5 months and I still have no stern channels in my Toyota Tundra even though I'm paying for it. The only way was with this terrible app that no longer will connect to your network . This is pathetic I can't wait for Howard to leave so I cancel and watch your castle made of sand crumble to the ground.
3190	Aakaash Nehra It let us do everything,love it?
1778	I install Dropbox yesterday When I start the App the  dialog box ' app wants your location' appears in an endless loop
2539	love it
1324	By the end of the story, I wanted to meet the reader! Why a great app!
2233	This is a great app  I have found 2 great hotels in cities I was unfamiliar with  Reviews are so helpful
2943	Love It!
155	Bummer :/ Seen a friend post a video on Facebook then I downloaded the ap.. all I can do is select photos and it won't let me continue after I have chosen which ones I'd like to use.. :( it keeps telling me there's an error
2914	Best app Cute ideas forever!
1522	It was ok.
1957	You've got to be kidding!  I'm an Evernote premium user, but NEVER update my iOS on the first go round  If I had known, I would not have updated Evernote?  Crap - I use EN for everything!
504	Ok
2197	The trip advisor app is very easy to navigate and contains a wealth of information at your fingertips
2366	Alla Very good aps
2876	Although I am an avid Pinner, this app keeps knocking me out of my Pinning time, therefore making my search have to start over  Very irritating  Also slows down a ton when I open another board besides my own  Please fix these problems!  I want to Pin more!
821	Love it!!!!!! Works great!  Have it on my nook and my PC!
2801	Love it! )
2152	I get a big black screen every time I try to click on the hotels pictures  Would love to be able to see pictures on my phone! Please fix
1705	Disappointed to see there's still no text editor after all this time
3079	AWESOME Great editing photo apk
862	Cool Inastagrammmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmfnsucksmmmmmm
3042	Done Best Photoshop I have ever used
1624	Cool app!?it
95	No more Chathead Popups? Gees that's the only reason why I installed this app and now it's gone :| bye messeger :(  I don't like the Facebook app either, just another app that eats ram... --&gt;Browsers, all in one
8	Multiplayer is useless without in-game Chat. Please add in-game chat!
371	Not good Why i cannot clear chat history. Come on.  There is no option for clear history. Please fix that!
958	Doodle jump is sick. I love it! He's so freaking cute!
2289	Good Good Good
1477	Its a totally convenient way to manage your teams. All the bad reviews are bogus!
1139	I love this app xoxo
822	Tuesday Good
1434	The first 50 - 100 levels where fun then you finish your first puzzle and find out that they didn't bother to finish this game. So not cool. Good game but it gets boring once there isn't anything to win or goals to achieve
1847	Thank you for your great work Dropbox!!
2550	Stay Connected
1491	Liked the idea. Implementation was horrible though. Can't read the dang books. What's the point to this app if I can't zoom in on the text to actually see it. With even the best vision no one can read the books on here!! Why would you even think of creating this app of it doesn't work properly?? I'm incredibly disappointed in you Google.
466	Wth Worked fine u see the video with the music once u put it on instagram it cuts it at the end or it just turned all black
1509	"Takes the translation rather literally. Most languages other than English don't say ""what's your name"". If they could add a common phrase translator function then it would be just that much more accurate"
373	Bug in new update Favourite tab is not working please check n solve the issue.
626	This app is good
1846	I can't open the goddamn app
357	??? I don't know how to get contacts.....
472	Good but big on size Too much application size and big total application memory
1000	I've previously written the author of the app to correct very wrong reference ranges. There are so many mistakes for US values (and possibly SI) that it can't be trusted for use in any setting. Please avoid using.
2431	Rajandar Singh 58@gmailcom Nice
458	Great game, sound not working though Sound stopped working mid game and now it won't start! Rebooted phone and reinstalled with no luck ! Otherwise a great worms game!
2006	Wonderful app!
1218	"Clear has one of the best-designed user interfaces I've ever encountered on the iPhone/iPad. It is the way apps should be. So simple and easy. I'm giving it 5 stars despite some shortcomings:  1. It would be nice to sync with the desktop (iCal?) and between devices. 2. It needs Reminders and Alerts (and Due Dates, etc.) 3. Some kind of support for longer notes. Right now, single-tapping an item lets you edit the item. Maybe double-tapping should let you open an item's ""detail page"" where you could enter the due date, add an alarm, or type a longer note.  4. Also, sharing a list? It would be great if my wife and I could add to or just see each other's shopping lists. Though now, I admit this is ""feature creep"" that could detract from Clear's simplicity."
381	All my apps are intrusive?? What happened? I have had my apps since then. But all of a sudden, antivitus is telling that 101 threats was found? (All apps)?? Howcome?! All my apps are downloaded from playstore. There should be threat even before if all my apps are really intrusive!
579	app good i like
2626	Xperia c Awesome
3213	Its very good everybody download it Very cool
2599	Great Great
2291	Hi Hi
1098	I like the new features that make the product more Stanza-like. I still would like to be able to go directly from the library list to the current place in any given book without having to pass by the TOC page.
1158	Great Craigslist app
2762	Such a useful invention! Great fun to use with so many things to discover
2346	I love it So awesome
1241	So fun. Once I got the hang of tweaking the disease I had a great time playing.
750	Good I like it too much
831	Awesome I really love it I can put memories and some songs OMG I just love it!!
1359	Very relaxing voice I love it !!!!
1282	I can't find the clipboard once I save a word to it. If anyone knows how to find saved words let me know through the review. Otherwise great app.
1959	I use it all the time works great
1088	I've seen better cruise apps with live maps and cams.
2077	This app has been exactly what I need for note taking for both school and work I would STRONGLY request the ability to change the text color in the iPad app like the desktop software Thanks!
1706	Would be nice to have a grid view of photos other than just the auto upload of camera roll Also would be nice to rename files  My last review still not fixed This app doesn't support mobi file uploads Would be nice to save my mobi files
2404	Awesome The updates Are Awesome!  Keep It Up!
452	Ok Love the game but after update its at 0mb/0mb and not loading im ysing the Samsung galaxy s4 active
968	You'll love Craigslist pro
1956	The last version had a 'wow ' factor to it, this version is ugly IMHO  Still like what it does for me though
2133	Not showing or even suggesting located areas
901	Hi Sobre Saliente
3152	Superb Excellent
984	What is the point if I can't open my documents?  I'm switching to Pages.
849	Good Love it :-)
847	Fun
3109	Amazing One of the best photo editor!!!  loved it! &lt3
3269	Nice apps This is very nice app for those who really likes to edit photos
125	Camera DOOM FX Pictures will not save to external SD card.  In fact they are saving to a temporary folder and are not even showing up in the gallery. Emailed Dev replied dealing with it, have heard nothing since.
2288	ADD MEother wise 9666685851
1046	Best!!!
1250	I like it
3244	Love IloveIt
2473	Excellent Super
2	No help function. Wtf?? No idea how it works.  Just kept blowing myself up.
3102	Maricela loves I like this app Love mah bad
1900	The app used to work great, but now it keeps freezing and I can't get into my  notes It is very frustrating I have to delete the app and download it again What a pain!!
940	Used this app all over the world and it hasn't let me down yet!
950	I will give it 5 stars when you add girl pygmies.
1593	"The content is not being critiqued here: unsurpassed.   As so some who just a few min ago d/l a few lessons I'm finding the buttons impossible. There are two option: d/l is on the left, info is on the right.   Literally have a 10% success rate selecting either. More so b/c some coding genius decided that any tap along the entire horizontal ""strip"" describing said lesson indicates ""play."".   Sigh. Try to meditate."
537	Good when it works, but annoying when it plays up Getting fed up of having to uninstall because it doesn't allow you to work on a new picture....
1335	Hard to get everything u want, many ads, have to pay to read some articles. (I want all NCAA FB news, not just the big tens) or whatever conference u choose
71	Good but wth Its a good camera and everything but it used 1.00gb of my data last month. What the heck is that? What is this sending out?
2789	Pinerest app I hope this works
2399	Verry good Its is verry  best this time verry cool mind mref thmks 4watsapp
985	Got this app to be able to share PPT and Word docs. Does not support all of the data from those files. Not happy with it at all. Will try to work with it, but I think it was a waste of time and money!
1015	Very nice-looking app!
1527	This is a great application
1923	I like it a lot
1376	Funny and informative.
945	It would pull the contacts I have on facebook, but not on my phone, and put them on my phone.
2756	I love it Easy to use
2018	Probably the most important app I use
3016	It's really good  I love it!!!
3200	Meh Okay would reccomened but a little slow
2740	I love this app Wow
509	Doesn't save progress online Great game except it doesn't save my progress in online mode. I'm smashing fools and still stuck on Rank 11.
168	Doesnt work Teamspeaks preloaded channel works, but app crashes upon connecting to any other server. Too bad, could've been useful.
2464	Thanx Good
1332	how do u turn off sound
136	Bad App This app is dumb because it really don't do nothing
1252	Daddy like!
2283	Anjaar Ansari
1626	Great app
223	Error to download ? Dev it seems that i cant download this app and i think i paid to get this app for two times and i cant download and get my refund ?
2224	Every time I log on to my TripAdvisor account through Facebook on my iPod Touch, it crashes I am only able to sign in through my Facebook, but it won't let me in This glitch needs to be fixed
885	Enough said, 5 stars.
353	Not played for long As said cant say much played one part of the game and you ask for feadback so here it is
2055	Worked great with Dolphin, until the last update Now it is not
1246	Great
1764	I'm trying to download minecraft pe maps but all it's says is cant view file
783	Nic Very nic editing photos
3214	Great app Love it
983	I love it
461	Good Its nice
1255	Cant go wrong
2329	Great app I love it
1	Manual controls are horrible I cant be using tilt all the time.. this game is partly useless for me, feel like I wasted a dollar... No fun without manual control. Touching edge of the screen, to steer is what I use, like asphalt 8.
4	Wont install Wont install on my tablet, keep getting -24 error.
5	What? Virus detected after i update?? Need to uninstall..
6	Sucks I can't see the pictures only wallpapers :-(
9	Paid app  and still needs to pay more? Really?
10	Needs log in to Amazon Store? I paid for PicSay Pro and downloaded it from Google Play.  But when I try to open it,  I get a message that says I need to log in to my Amazon account.  But even though I'm logged in,  the app still won't launch. :-( What could be the problem?
12	good game but... I paid for it and not only do you now charge for all the extras, but you serve me ads too!
13	Doesn't work on Nexus 4...a joke! Very disappointed, this app doesn't work with the Nexus 4...is that a joke?!  Paid $8 for an app that doesn't work, sent an email to the developer, no reply...
14	Can't read exel file correctly After updated yesterday. I can't read the exel file correct as original. Please help.
15	DONT DOWNLOAD IT Devastated spent ?3 on it It says I don't HV enough memory on it want money back
16	Can't get a response from Developers The game itself isn't bad. If anything,  a bit monotonous.  However,  the manual is less than desirable,  specifically when speaking about how to feed cows. I figured out meadows on my own, but cant make straw bales for the life of me. And, this is apparently hkw to create manure flr fertilizer. I have emailed the developers, amd received no response. VERY FRUSTRATING! You spend money in the game for equipment that you can't use.
17	Utter waste and complete crap The graphics aren't working I had to pay for it twice and reinstall but the third time only one car was in colour please fix... I thought it would be as good as rr3
18	Its so slow Its so slow man.
19	Ok Everytime Im nearly finished it says the app has unfortunately stopped and then takes me back to the start -.- its getting annoying! fix it ....
20	really needs ta fix this app it's acting fofo tired of uninstalling thus gay app
21	Sequel only on ios? So the developer released the ios sequel before android when there are far more android users, are you stupid?
22	i cant play :-( it crashes after pop cap logo at start up. if you cant make it work then refund.
23	Not working properly .wont download emails to inbox
25	>:( The app closes everytime i take a picture >:(
27	less then 1 star Downloaded and not been able to play yet as keeps crashing and closing
28	Very bad
31	Nexus 4 The game do not have any audio, please fix it!!!
32	Waste of money Not downloading
33	Omg I hate it only half my video loaded on ig. Fix it.
34	My gallery app does better than this Trash
35	Pathetic
36	It sucks When I press ? nothing happens plus I can't even share the videos I make
37	Galaxy Note2 This paid app Sucks there is NO PM option like on the free app
38	Buggy app broke by update Another paid app fail.  Edit: back to 1 star again! Now crashes everytime a battles won.
39	Pretty wired Sometimes on 1st opening it flashes green colour and i need to close it and open again. 5 stars if yuo fix this.
40	"Ruined by DRM I tried to play it, but all I get is, 'Can't Access License Server"" - really?  DRM is destroying games on my mobile devices too??"
41	Does not take picture Every time I try to take a picture, it does not work. It stays at the camera screen, and nothing else happens but the scene getting focused.
42	Needs to be updated. This app is long over due for an update. It's full of bugs. You're most likely better off getting Tapatalk
43	Is not working The new update make the game unless
44	"NEEDS TO BE UPDATED. Was Fun & Challenging. Desperately in need of an update. Paid for the Allie levels SEPTEMBER 1 and still no new levels- when is ""soon""?? No new levels of the week. No updates. Used to be a favorite..."
48	High hopes shot down... Been looking for an open office port for Android for quite a while and thought I hit the jackpot with this one unfortunately way too clunky and no way up to optimized for tablets will keep looking
49	Won't install. Got a Nexus 4 with loads of free space but installer says it has 0 MB available.
50	No work - Galaxy Note 8.0 I'sorry.
51	Made phone slower Better apps for this kind of stuff out there. UNINSTALLED!
52	Crap No way of signing out. No privacy if any1gets there hands on your fone. Very poor!
53	Could be good Doesn't load.... Moto  electrify m.... Fix and I will give a better review
54	can't even download I purchased this game but it wont even download to my device
55	Keeps Crashing! Installed, on the loading page and it crashes! Tried re-installing, shutting down my phone still the same. Please fix this and I'll give a 5 star rating.
56	Crap Seriously need to work on usability.
57	This game sucks
58	Doesn't work I am very unsatisfied as i have bought this on a samsung galaxy s1 and loads on to the screen with the grass rolling out then crashes if you have a galaxy s1 do not buy this game as other galaxy s1 users have had problems with it
59	Slow.Buggy It takes more than a minute to open a file which is opened within 10 seconds in polaris office-Tab 2-3100. Needs speed improvement. Edit: It shows only a blank white screen when we try to open some .doc files!!OMG Developers! I hope you have tested the file which I have sent to you.
60	Gettin stuck most of the times I also wasted my 3 quid I think its shame on the N.F.S game designers deciving people like this.. we dont expect these from them.
61	Load of crap DOES NOT WORK I WANT MY MONEY BACK BIGGEST JOKE EVER
62	"Connection Lost I've been ""promoted"" to the same rank three times!"
63	Seren
64	Won't download? Keeps saying downloading, but i have wifi with five bars and 150 speed
65	Bad!!! When i want take a picture, the picture from my camera phone is not shown, just blank.. plis fix it. My phone is samsung galaxy young s5360
66	Crash Purchased a couple of days ago played a couple of times and now it won't start.. Crashes on the loading screen and as I see now from other users it's the same deal too. Fix this.
68	Wont open Game says its looking for resources but it cant get them
69	Pile of sh!t worst app ever!
70	Forces u to upgrade 1 star only, cuz it forces u to upgrade ever now and then. I'm thinking of deleting it .. probably once I finish writing this review.
72	"Won't download the initial data. 40 times in a row "" a problem has occurred "" don't even know why I'm posting this. Gaylost don't acknowledge anything from any of their customers"
73	Lame Just stick to Auto Awesome on Google+.
74	Cant even play it on s3 mini Home screen tells me it is Not authorized on my device
75	Not gooood at all >_< I don't like at all u can download only one pic & i want to download albums or videos tooo that's sucks >_< >_<
76	notification won't refresh I don't know what happen, after the last two updates,  it always shows error dialog box, and the notification won't refresh..
77	Update The app refused to update but others would. Had to uninstall.
78	It crashes Every Time!!!
79	Sucks Forces close when trying to post on instagram
80	Really bad It won't open after the first time I used it
81	summer ok
83	Hate it it ses that I can't play because I have an error
84	"It gets logged out everyday n when i try to login back it gives an error message ""unable to login"". N i have to uninstall it n install it everyday. Please fix this asap then i il rate 5"
85	Does not property work on the 2013  Nexus 7
86	No support Sent two emails in between days and  I can't get help. Paid for this but can't use it. I can install remote release but not this. Keep saying couldn't install to USB storage or SD card
87	Not working. I have a wifi printer and when I try to print from my droid RAZR Max HD it says need to download update.. then when I try to download update, it says Update cannont be completed. Error. Fix and I'll change my rating. Or advise me what to do.
89	Worst app, dont install it,its full of spam
90	Doesn't open. When I launch the app it just displays a light gray screen and does nothing.
91	Translations? Dude,  i cant accept an agreement that i can't read.... Should be able to choose the language BEFORE you are prompted to read it.
92	Not working I purchased. But when i started downloading, its giving me server error.
93	Won't launch on my Galaxy S4 All I get is a black screen.
96	Seriously needed permissions?? I think not!! Why in the world would I give anyone or application the right to make phone calls through my phone, edit my text messages and send them, take video and pictures?? This is sadly getting worse with each update and this is supposed to be a security program??? I was pleased at first with this app but have no respect for it or the idiots coming up with these updates. This needs to stop!!! Next you will need to access my credit report. Here's an idea, DELETED!!!!!!
97	Terrible
98	Sony xperia sp Sony xperia sp native resolution not supported
99	Problem while activating Iv been using viber since a long tym nd it has never dissapointed me but I just deactivated my account for a day nd den I try to activate...I dont get my code by txt nd neither do I get a call...im trying again n again please fix the problem
100	Pay version still spamming I bought the paid version and I can still see promotions in the dashboard.  Remove it!  Edit: Developers asked me to disable promotions.  I did so, there seems to be an option to autocheck new promotions .  However,  this only disables the updating. The annoying ad-bar is still visible on the dashboard displaying a generic promotion of their products.
101	Upside down HTC one. Yes upside down
102	Cak
103	Doesn't work A poor app unfortunately. It started loading pictures then took me back to homescreen with no video or upload.
104	Does not work Spent 15 bucks on software that will not install! Contacted company - no reply how to fix and no refund! Have for iPad and iPhone works there - forget it on android - they can't be bothered to respond so don't waste your money.
105	Not happy I downloaded this app because I have the first one and I loved it but this one will not even load on my phone all I get is a black screen and music plz fix
106	Rubbish Avg free was good, since puttin the pro version on my phone, the phone has become glitchy. Please sort this avg.
107	Unauthorized Upon opening I was prompted for an update. After that finally finished I started it up and got a message saying the app is unauthorized on my device. It took so long to update I couldn't refund. I'm not sure if it's claiming I've stolen it or something, but its pretty unacceptable for a legit purchase that was made avaliable for my model. Then I noticed its now EA and not popcap, so I guess that explains why I was cheated out of money.
109	Good Good
110	Fix it What has happen to the weekly levels
111	Rubbish
112	Disappointing since it will not install disappointing since it wilI not install
113	Game keeps crahing on me please fix.
114	Won't start Will not start without an internet connection and won't start half the time with one. This is on Asus TF300T running 4.2.1
115	Can I go back to older version? Loved the app, was quick and always connected until the last update.  Have tried every suggestion.  When I first open it, nothing happens, it just sits at an empty screen.  Have to close and reopen several times and it is so slow to connect now.  Hope it improves.  To be fair, I am having same is with lastest tappatalk upgrade also.  Galaxy Note
116	Not good Very basic editor with in app purchases
117	bugs bugs bugs lots of bug i cannot login anymore...my device lag when trying to open the app...fix this sucks!!!
118	Unable to play Just opens, rotates then closes, uninstalled then reinstalled and still nothing
119	LG Spirit many bugs sometimes it wont shoot a picture and i have to reopen app, orientation when I rotate phone works about 20% of the time, touch to focus is terrible, focus in general is terrible no matter what setting and other things as well. HD CAMERA PRO takes MUCH better pictures and its free. Quit adding so many features...who cares what frame i put on a blurry picture?
120	Unsuccessful :( :( :( Error 920 :(
121	Crashes since update Crashes whenever I go to the purchase coins section. Purchased coins but they dont show...
122	Awsis Very nice app
123	Unclassified Always I don't get connected even though I have enough net band width.... unable to to line call
126	Coins not Credited! Great to have the game finally functionally complete EXCEPT I bought coins and they were NOT credited to me!!! Popcap please help!
127	Doesn't work on android I loved this game it used to work brilliantly until the recent update it now says it's not compatible with my android phone. Why???
128	Not able to detect virus This antivirus is not able to detect the virus which is eating up my phone space....this is not at all like AVG in my pc
129	BAD The app did not open
131	Unusable Unusable. Whem trying to find the right forum it takes forever to scroll down!
132	Crashes on lenovo tablet After a while this app keeps on crashing and loses work !
133	Terrible It took forever to download
134	Norefund wtf Seems like a nice game but not working on sgs2 gets freeze on starts :( & no refund wtf you
135	Need for speed most wanted Would be a good game if it would load up as have it on my iphone.not working on my tablet thouhh
137	I have already paid I paid for the game now they want more money for the whole experience.
